name,platform,release_date,summary,meta_score,user_review																		
The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time, Nintendo 64,"November 23, 1998","As a young boy, Link is tricked by Ganondorf, the King of the Gerudo Thieves. The evil human uses Link to gain access to the Sacred Realm, where he places his tainted hands on Triforce and transforms the beautiful Hyrulean landscape into a barren wasteland. Link is determined to fix the problems he helped to create, so with the help of Rauru he travels through time gathering the powers of the Seven Sages.",99,9.1																		
Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 2, PlayStation,"September 20, 2000","As most major publishers' development efforts shift to any number of next-generation platforms, Tony Hawk 2 will likely stand as one of the last truly fantastic games to be released on the PlayStation.",98,7.4																		
Grand Theft Auto IV, PlayStation 3,"April 29, 2008","[Metacritic's 2008 PS3 Game of the Year	 Also known as ""GTA IV""] What does the American Dream mean today? For Niko Belic, fresh off the boat from Europe. It's the hope he can escape his past. For his cousin, Roman, it is the vision that together they can find fortune in Liberty City, gateway to the land of opportunity. As they slip into debt and are dragged into a criminal underworld by a series of shysters, thieves and sociopaths, they discover that the reality is very different from the dream in a city that worships money and status, and is heaven for those who have them an a living nightmare for those who don't. [Rockstar Games]",98,7.7																	
SoulCalibur, Dreamcast,"September 8, 1999","This is a tale of souls and swords, transcending the world and all its history, told for all eternity... The greatest weapons-based fighter returns, this time on Sega Dreamcast. Soul Calibur unleashes incredible graphics, fantastic fighters, and combos so amazing they'll make your head spin!",98,8.4																		
Grand Theft Auto IV, Xbox 360,"April 29, 2008","[Metacritic's 2008 Xbox 360 Game of the Year	 Also known as ""GTA IV""] What does the American Dream mean today? For Niko Belic, fresh off the boat from Europe. It's the hope he can escape his past. For his cousin, Roman, it is the vision that together they can find fortune in Liberty City, gateway to the land of opportunity. As they slip into debt and are dragged into a criminal underworld by a series of shysters, thieves and sociopaths, they discover that the reality is very different from the dream in a city that worships money and status, and is heaven for those who have them an a living nightmare for those who don't. [Rockstar Games]",98,7.9																	
Super Mario Galaxy, Wii,"November 12, 2007","[Metacritic's 2007 Wii Game of the Year] The ultimate Nintendo hero is taking the ultimate step ... out into space. Join Mario as he ushers in a new era of video games, defying gravity across all the planets in the galaxy. When some creature escapes into space with Princess Peach, Mario gives chase, exploring bizarre planets all across the galaxy. Mario, Peach and enemies new and old are here. Players run, jump and battle enemies as they explore all the planets in the galaxy. Since this game makes full use of all the features of the Wii Remote, players have to do all kinds of things to succeed: pressing buttons, swinging the Wii Remote and the Nunchuk, and even pointing at and dragging things with the pointer. Since he's in space, Mario can perform mind-bending jumps unlike anything he's done before. He'll also have a wealth of new moves that are all based around tilting, pointing and shaking the Wii Remote. Shake, tilt and point! Mario takes advantage of all the unique aspects of the Wii Remote and Nunchuk controller, unleashing new moves as players shake the controller and even point at and drag items with the pointer. [Nintendo]",97,9.1																		
Super Mario Galaxy 2, Wii,"May 23, 2010","Super Mario Galaxy 2, the sequel to the galaxy-hopping original game, includes the gravity-defying, physics-based exploration from the first game, but is loaded with entirely new galaxies and features to challenge players. On some stages, Mario can pair up with his dinosaur buddy Yoshi and use his tongue to grab items and spit them back at enemies. Players can also have fun with new items such as a drill that lets our hero tunnel through solid rock. [Nintendo]",97,9.1																		
Red Dead Redemption 2, Xbox One,"October 26, 2018","Developed by the creators of Grand Theft Auto V and Red Dead Redemption, Red Dead Redemption 2 is an epic tale of life in America’s unforgiving heartland. The game’s vast and atmospheric world also provides the foundation for a brand new online multiplayer experience. America, 1899. The end of the Wild West era has begun. After a robbery goes badly wrong in the western town of Blackwater, Arthur Morgan and the Van der Linde gang are forced to flee. With federal agents and the best bounty hunters in the nation massing on their heels, the gang has to rob, steal and fight their way across the rugged heartland of America in order to survive. As deepening internal fissures threaten to tear the gang apart, Arthur must make a choice between his own ideals and loyalty to the gang that raised him. [Rockstar]",97,8.0																		
Grand Theft Auto V, Xbox One,"November 18, 2014","Grand Theft Auto 5 melds storytelling and gameplay in unique ways as players repeatedly jump in and out of the lives of the game's three protagonists, playing all sides of the game's interwoven story.",97,7.9																		
Grand Theft Auto V, PlayStation 3,"September 17, 2013","Los Santos is a vast, sun-soaked metropolis full of self-help gurus, starlets and once-important, formerly-known-as celebrities. The city was once the envy of the Western world, but is now struggling to stay afloat in an era of economic uncertainty and reality TV. Amidst the chaos, three unique criminals plot their own chances of survival and success: Franklin, a former street gangster in search of real opportunities and serious cheddar	 Michael, a professional ex-con whose retirement is a lot less rosy than he hoped it would be	 and Trevor, a violent maniac driven by the chance of a cheap high and the next big score. Quickly running out of options, the crew risks it all in a sequence of daring and dangerous heists that could set them up for life.",97,8.3																
Disco Elysium: The Final Cut, PC,"March 30, 2021","Disco Elysium - The Final Cut is the definitive edition of the smash-hit RPG. Pursue your political dreams in new quests, meet and question more of the city's locals, and explore a whole extra area. Full voice-acting, controller support, and expanded language options also included. Get even more out of this award-winning open world. You're a detective with a unique skill system at your disposal and a whole city block to carve your path across. Interrogate unforgettable characters, crack murders, or take bribes. Become a hero or an absolute disaster of a human being.",97,8.3																		
Grand Theft Auto V, Xbox 360,"September 17, 2013","Los Santos is a sprawling sun-soaked metropolis full of self-help gurus, starlets and once-important stars. The city was once the envy of the Western world, but is now struggling to stay relevant in an era of economic uncertainty and reality TV. Amidst the chaos, three very different criminals chart their own chances of survival and success: Franklin, a former street gangster, now looking for real opportunities and fat stacks of cash	 Michael, a professional ex-con whose retirement is significantly less rosy than he hoped it would be	 and Trevor, a violent maniac driven by the chance of a cheap high and the next big score. Rapidly running out of options, the crew risks everything in a series of bolt and dangerous heists that could set them up for the long haul.",97,8.3																
Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 2, Dreamcast,"November 6, 2000","Hawk's back - with new technology, new pros and new tricks! THPS2, the legend rides on! Skate as legendary Tony Hawk or any one of 12 other pro skaters. Create your own custom skaters. Multiple play modes including 1-Player, Career and Free Skate modes, as well as 2-player modes such as Trick Attack, Graffiti Tag and Horse. Build your own custom skate parks with the real-time 3D park editor.",97,6.2																		
The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild, Switch,"March 3, 2017","Forget everything you know about The Legend of Zelda games. Step into a world of discovery, exploration and adventure in The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild, a boundary-breaking new game in the acclaimed series. Travel across fields, through forests and to mountain peaks as you discover what has become of the ruined kingdom of Hyrule in this open-air adventure. Explore the wilds of Hyrule any way you like - Climb up towers and mountain peaks in search of new destinations, then set your own path to get there and plunge into the wilderness. Along the way, you'll battle towering enemies, hunt wild beasts and gather ingredients for the food and elixirs you'll need to sustain you on your journey. More than 100 Shrines of Trials to discover and explore - Shrines dot the landscape, waiting to be discovered in any order you want. Search for them in various ways, and solve a variety of puzzles inside. Work your way through the traps and devices inside to earn special items and other rewards that will help you on your adventure. * Be prepared and properly equipped - With an entire world waiting to be explored, you'll need a variety of outfits and gear to reach every corner. You may need to bundle up with warmer clothes or change into something better suited to the desert heat. Some clothing even has special effects that, for example, can make you faster and stealthier. * Battling enemies requires strategy - The world is inhabited with enemies of all shapes and sizes. Each one has its own attack method and weaponry, so you must think quickly and develop the right strategies to defeat them. * amiibo compatibility - Tap the Wolf Link amiibo (sold separately) to make Wolf Link appear in game. Wolf Link will attack enemies on his own and help you find items you're searching for.",97,8.7																		
Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3, PlayStation 2,"October 28, 2001",Challenge up to four friends in online competitions over a LAN or the Internet. Take them on in both Trick Attack and Graffiti modes. [Activision],97,7.5																		
Perfect Dark, Nintendo 64,"May 22, 2000","Step into the Dark... As Carrington Institute's most promising new Agent, Joanna Dark must uncover the truth behind the dataDyne Corporation's recent technological breakthroughs - breakthroughs which could have serious consequences for mankind.",97,8.8																		
Red Dead Redemption 2, PlayStation 4,"October 26, 2018","Developed by the creators of Grand Theft Auto V and Red Dead Redemption, Red Dead Redemption 2 is an epic tale of life in America’s unforgiving heartland. The game’s vast and atmospheric world also provides the foundation for a brand new online multiplayer experience. America, 1899. The end of the Wild West era has begun. After a robbery goes badly wrong in the western town of Blackwater, Arthur Morgan and the Van der Linde gang are forced to flee. With federal agents and the best bounty hunters in the nation massing on their heels, the gang has to rob, steal and fight their way across the rugged heartland of America in order to survive. As deepening internal fissures threaten to tear the gang apart, Arthur must make a choice between his own ideals and loyalty to the gang that raised him. [Rockstar]",97,8.5																		
Grand Theft Auto V, PlayStation 4,"November 18, 2014","The sprawling sun-soaked metropolis of Los Santos is chock full of self-help coaches, starlets and C-List celebrities, once on top of the media world, now struggling to stay relevant in time of economic malaise and lowest-common-denominator reality TV. Amidst this madness, three unique criminals plan their own chances of survival and success: Franklin, a street-level hustler in search of opportunities for serious money	 Michael, an ex-con whose ""retirement"" is a less rosy than he hoped it would be	 and Trevor, a violent dude driven by the chance for a quick high and the next big score. Nearly out of options, the crew risks it all in a series of daring and dangerous heists that could set them up for life - one way or the other.",97,8.4																
Metroid Prime, GameCube,"November 17, 2002","Samus returns in a new mission to unravel the mystery behind the ruined walls scattered across Tallon IV. In Metroid Prime, you'll play the role of this bounty hunter and view the world through her visor, which displays information ranging from current energy levels to ammunition. Equipped with a Power Beam and Gravity Suit, you must shoot locked switches, solve puzzles, and eliminate enemies. It's up to you to explore the world and recover more power-ups and weapons, which gradually open more gameplay areas.",97,8.6																		
Grand Theft Auto III, PlayStation 2,"October 22, 2001","Players are put at the heart of their very own gangster movie, and let loose in a fully-realised 3 dimensional city with a cast of hundreds, 50 plus vehicles, ranging from sports cars to ice cream trucks and from boats to buses, 3 hours of music, including opera, reggae, house, drum and bass, pop and disco, and a huge array of street ready weapons. [Rockstar Games]",97,8.4																		
Super Mario Odyssey, Switch,"October 27, 2017","New Evolution of Mario Sandbox-Style Gameplay. Mario embarks on a new journey through unknown worlds, running and jumping through huge 3D worlds in the first sandbox-style Mario game since Super Mario 64 and Super Mario Sunshine. Set sail between expansive worlds aboard an airship, and perform all-new actions, such as throwing Mario's cap.",97,8.9																		
Halo: Combat Evolved, Xbox,"November 14, 2001","Enter the mysterious world of Halo, an alien planet shaped like a ring. As mankind's super soldier Master Chief, you must uncover the secrets of Halo and fend off the attacking Covenant. During your missions, you'll battle on foot, in vehicles, inside, and outside with alien and human weaponry. Your objectives include attacking enemy outposts, raiding underground labs for advanced technology, rescuing fallen comrades, and sniping enemy forces. Halo also lets you battle three other players via intense split screen combat or fight cooperatively with a friend through the single-player missions.",97,8.7																		
The House in Fata Morgana - Dreams of the Revenants Edition -, Switch,"April 9, 2021","A gothic suspense tale set in a cursed mansion. ‘The House in Fata Morgana’ is a full-length visual novel spanning nearly a millennium that deals in tragedy, human nature, and insanity. This version includes three games and more: 1: The House in Fata Morgana: the main storyline. 2: A Requiem for Innocence: a prequel shedding light on the origins of Fata Morgana’s terrible curse. 3: Reincarnation: a sequel featuring the central cast members reincarnated in the present day. *The part including voices 4: Other additional short stories.",97,8.2																		
NFL 2K1, Dreamcast,"September 7, 2000","In the end, NFL 2K1 is a deeper, more refined version of the original game.",97,6.2																		
Half-Life 2, PC,"November 16, 2004","[Metacritic's 2004 PC Game of the Year] By taking the suspense, challenge and visceral charge of the original, and adding startling new realism and responsiveness, Half-Life 2 opens the door to a world where the player's presence affects everything around him, from the physical environment to the behaviors -- even the emotions -- of both friends and enemies. The player again picks up the crowbar of research scientist Gordon Freeman, who finds himself on an alien-infested Earth being picked to the bone, its resources depleted, its populace dwindling. Freeman is thrust into the unenviable role of rescuing the world from the wrong he unleashed back at Black Mesa. And a lot of people -- people he cares about -- are counting on him. [Vivendi Universal]",96,9.2																		
Grand Theft Auto V, PC,"April 13, 2015","Los Santos: a sprawling sun-soaked metropolis full of self-help gurus, starlets and fading celebrities, once the envy of the Western world, now struggling to stay alive in a time of economic uncertainty and cheap reality TV. Amidst the turmoil, three very unique criminals plot their own chances of survival and success: Franklin, a street hustler looking for tangible opportunities and serious money	 Michael, a professional ex-con whose retirement is less rosy than he figured it would be	 and Trevor, a violent dude driven by the opportunity for a cheap high and his next big score. With options at a premium, the crew risks it all in a myriad of daring and dangerous heists that could set them up for life.",96,7.8																
The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild, Wii U,"March 3, 2017","Ignore everything you know about The Legend of Zelda games. Step into a world of discovery, exploration and adventure in The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild. Travel across fields, through forests and to mountain peaks as you discover what has become of the ruined kingdom of Hyrule in this stunning open-air adventure. Explore the wilds of Hyrule any way you like - Climb up towers and mountain peaks in search of new destinations, then set your own path to get there and plunge into the wilderness. Along the way, you'll battle towering enemies, hunt wild beasts and gather ingredients for the food and elixirs you'll need to sustain you on your journey. More than 100 Shrines of Trials to discover and explore - Shrines dot the landscape, waiting to be discovered in any order you want. Search for them in various ways, and solve a variety of puzzles inside. Work your way through the traps and devices inside to earn special items and other rewards that will help you on your adventure. Be prepared and properly equipped - With an entire world waiting to be explored, you'll need a variety of outfits and gear to reach every corner. You may need to bundle up with warmer clothes or change into something better suited to the desert heat. Some clothing even has special effects that, for example, can make you faster and stealthier. [Nintendo]",96,8.3																		
BioShock, Xbox 360,"August 21, 2007","[Metacritic's 2007 Xbox 360 Game of the Year] Going beyond ""run and gun corridors,"" ""monster-closet AIs"" and static worlds, BioShock creates a living, unique and unpredictable FPS experience. After your plane crashes into icy uncharted waters, you discover a rusted bathysphere and descend into Rapture, a city hidden beneath the sea. Constructed as an idealistic society for a hand picked group of scientists, artists and industrialists, the idealism is no more. Now the city is littered with corpses, wildly powerful guardians roam the corridors as little girls loot the dead, and genetically mutated citizens ambush you at every turn. Take control of your world by hacking mechanical devices, commandeering security turrets and crafting unique items critical to your very survival. Upgrade your weapons with ionic gels, explosives and toxins to customize them to the enemy and environment. Genetically modify your body through dozens of Plasmid Stations scattered throughout the city, empowering you with fantastic and often grotesque abilities. Explore a living world powered by Ecological A.I., where the inhabitants have interesting and consequential relationships with one another that impact your gameplay experience. Experience truly next generation graphics that vividly illustrate the forlorn art deco city, highlighted by the most detailed and realistic water effects ever developed in a video game. Make meaningful choices and mature decisions, ultimately culminating in the grand question: do you exploit the innocent survivors of Rapture...or save them? [2K Games]",96,9.0																		
GoldenEye 007, Nintendo 64,"August 25, 1997",You are Bond. James Bond. You are assigned covert operations connected with the GoldenEye weapons satellite. M will brief you on your mission and objectives from London. Q Branch will support your efforts with a plentiful supply of weapons and gadgets. Moneypenny offers you light-hearted best wishes and you're off! Your mission begins in the heavily guarded chemical warfare facility at the Byelomorye Dam in the USSR. Look and shoot in any direction as you navigate 12 interactive 3-D environments. Use stealth and force as you see fit in matters of international security. Consider the military personnel expendable. You are licensed to kill!,96,9.0																		
Uncharted 2: Among Thieves, PlayStation 3,"October 13, 2009","Fortune hunter Nathan Drake returns in Uncharted 2: Among Thieves, a third-person action-adventure/shooter created by award-winning developer Naughty Dog. Down on his luck, Drake is lured back into the treacherous world of thieves and mercenary treasure-seekers he had sought to leave behind. When a mysterious artifact propels Drake on an expedition to find the legendary Himalayan valley of Shambhala, he finds himself embroiled in a dangerous game of cat-and-mouse against a fugitive war criminal who’s after more than just the fabled riches of the lost city. Caught in a web of deception and plunged into an increasingly deadly pursuit that tests the limits of his endurance, Drake will be forced to risk everything - but has his luck finally run out? [SCEA]",96,8.8																		
Resident Evil 4, GameCube,"January 11, 2005","Resident Evil 4 marks a new chapter in the Resident Evil series. You'll rejoin Leon S. Kennedy six years after his first mission as a rookie cop from Resident Evil 2. Now a US agent, Leon is on a top secret mission to investigate the disappearance of the president's daughter. As Leon, you must make your way to a mysterious location in Europe, where new enemies await. Take them down by using enhanced aim-and-shoot features and a new action button.",96,9.2																		
The Orange Box, Xbox 360,"October 10, 2007","Games included in The Orange Box compilation: The original Half-Life 2 - The player again picks up the crowbar of research scientist Gordon Freeman, who finds himself on an alien-infested Earth being picked to the bone, its resources depleted, its populace dwindling. Freeman is thrust into the unenviable role of rescuing the world from the wrong he unleashed back at Black Mesa. And a lot of people - people he cares about - are counting on him. Half-Life 2: Episode One - The player reprises his role of Dr. Freeman, who must immediately face the repercussions of his actions in City 17 and the Citadel. Freeman reconnects with Alyx Vance and her robot, Dog, as they continue their support of the resistance's battle against the Combine forces. Half-Life 2: Episode Two -- the second installment in Valve's episodic trilogy advances the award-winning story, leading the player to new locations outside of City 17. Portal - a pioneering type of single player action game that rewrites the rules for how players approach and manipulate their environment – much like how Half-Life 2's Gravity Gun reinvented the way gamers interact with objects in the game. Team Fortress 2 - an all-new version of the legendary title that spawned team based multiplayer action games. The game's daring new art style features the most advanced graphics of any Source-based game released to date. [Valve Software]",96,9.0																		
The Orange Box, PC,"October 10, 2007","Games included in The Orange Box compilation: The original Half-Life 2 - The player again picks up the crowbar of research scientist Gordon Freeman, who finds himself on an alien-infested Earth being picked to the bone, its resources depleted, its populace dwindling. Freeman is thrust into the unenviable role of rescuing the world from the wrong he unleashed back at Black Mesa. And a lot of people - people he cares about - are counting on him. Half-Life 2: Episode One - The player reprises his role of Dr. Freeman, who must immediately face the repercussions of his actions in City 17 and the Citadel. Freeman reconnects with Alyx Vance and her robot, Dog, as they continue their support of the resistance's battle against the Combine forces. Half-Life 2: Episode Two -- the second installment in Valve's episodic trilogy advances the award-winning story, leading the player to new locations outside of City 17. Portal - a pioneering type of single player action game that rewrites the rules for how players approach and manipulate their environment – much like how Half-Life 2's Gravity Gun reinvented the way gamers interact with objects in the game. Team Fortress 2 - an all-new version of the legendary title that spawned team based multiplayer action games. The game's daring new art style features the most advanced graphics of any Source-based game released to date. [Valve Software]",96,9.3																		
Batman: Arkham City, PlayStation 3,"October 18, 2011","Developed by Rocksteady Studios, Batman: Arkham City builds upon the intense, atmospheric foundation of Batman: Arkham Asylum, sending players soaring into Arkham City, the new maximum security ""home"" for all of Gotham City's thugs, gangsters and insane criminal masterminds. Set inside the heavily fortified walls of a sprawling district in the heart of Gotham City, this highly anticipated sequel introduces a brand-new story that draws together a new all-star cast of classic characters and murderous villains from the Batman universe, as well as a vast range of new and enhanced gameplay features to deliver the ultimate experience as the Dark Knight.",96,8.8																		
Tekken 3, PlayStation,"April 29, 1998","An ancient evil force has reawakened, attacking in secret and feeding on the souls of mighty warriors. To lure it out of hiding will take the greatest fighting contest the world has ever seen...Tekken 3. Some are fighting for revenge, some for honor, Ultimately, all are fighting for their lives and the fate of all mankind.",96,9.1																		
Mass Effect 2, Xbox 360,"January 26, 2010","The Mass Effect trilogy is a science fiction adventure set in a vast universe filled with dangerous alien life forms and mysterious uncharted planets. In this dark second chapter, Saren’s evil army of Geth soldiers has just been defeated, and humans, who are still struggling to make their mark on the galactic stage, are now faced with an even greater peril. [BioWare]",96,8.9																		
The Legend of Zelda: Twilight Princess, GameCube,"December 11, 2006","In the next chapter in the Legend of Zelda series, Link can transform into a wolf to scour the darkened land of Hyrule. With the help of Midna, a mysterious being, you must guide Link through hordes of foul creatures and challenging bosses using new moves and a new horseback combat system. Many puzzles stand between Link and the fulfillment of his quest, so you must sharpen your wits as you hunt for weapons and items.",96,8.9																		
The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim, Xbox 360,"November 11, 2011","The next chapter in the Elder Scrolls saga arrives from the Bethesda Game Studios. Skyrim reimagines the open-world fantasy epic, bringing to life a complete virtual world open for you to explore any way you choose. Play any type of character you can imagine, and do whatever you want	 the legendary freedom of choice, storytelling, and adventure of The Elder Scrolls is realized like never before. Skyrim's new game engine brings to life a complete virtual world with rolling clouds, rugged mountains, bustling cities, lush fields, and ancient dungeons. Choose from hundreds of weapons, spells, and abilities. The new character system allows you to play any way you want and define yourself through your actions. Battle ancient dragons like you've never seen. As Dragonborn, learn their secrets and harness their power for yourself.",96,8.6																	
Half-Life, PC,"November 19, 1998","Half-Life combines great storytelling in the tradition of Stephen King with intense action and advanced technology to create a frighteningly realistic world where players need to think smart to survive. Half-Life has won more than 50 Game of the Year awards from publications around the world, and was named 'Best PC Game Ever' in PC Gamer's November 1999 issue. [Sierra]",96,9.1																		
Resident Evil 4, PlayStation 2,"October 25, 2005","In Resident Evil 4 players are reacquainted with Leon S. Kennedy, Raccoon City Police Department's idealistic rookie cop from ""Resident Evil 2."" It has been six years since the destruction of Raccoon City and in that time, the U.S. government has been able to destroy the nefarious Umbrella Corporation. Fast forward to 2004 and players rejoin Leon, who is now a U.S. agent with a top-secret mission. He has been tasked to look into the abduction of the President's daughter and his investigation has led him to a mysterious location in Europe. As Leon encounters unimaginable horrors, he must find out who or what is behind everything. [Capcom]",96,9.0																		
The Legend of Zelda: The Wind Waker, GameCube,"March 24, 2003","In this ninth entry in the Legend of Zelda series, Link debuts on GameCube with a fun new cel-shaded look, but the game stays true to the respected heritage of the series. The classic mix of sword-swinging action, perplexing puzzles and stirring story lines remains intact, but the stunning cel-shaded graphics give the people and places of Link's watery world a wildly artistic new look. And for the very first time, Link sails freely on the high seas. Join Link on his most epic and scenic adventure yet. Face unimaginable monsters, explore puzzling dungeons, and meet a cast of unforgettable characters as he searches for his kidnapped sister, Aryll.",96,9.0																		
Gran Turismo, PlayStation,"April 30, 1998","Welcome to the most advanced racing game ever created! Encounter exhilarating high-speed racing in 11 stunning environments. Feel handling agility and throttle response so convincing, the car seems to be an extension of yourself. Experience the extraordinary world of Gran Turismo!",96,8.6																		
BioShock, PC,"August 21, 2007","Going beyond ""run and gun corridors,"" ""monster-closet AIs"" and static worlds, BioShock creates a living, unique and unpredictable FPS experience. After your plane crashes into icy uncharted waters, you discover a rusted bathysphere and descend into Rapture, a city hidden beneath the sea. Constructed as an idealistic society for a hand picked group of scientists, artists and industrialists, the idealism is no more. Now the city is littered with corpses, wildly powerful guardians roam the corridors as little girls loot the dead, and genetically mutated citizens ambush you at every turn. Take control of your world by hacking mechanical devices, commandeering security turrets and crafting unique items critical to your very survival. Upgrade your weapons with ionic gels, explosives and toxins to customize them to the enemy and environment. Genetically modify your body through dozens of Plasmid Stations scattered throughout the city, empowering you with fantastic and often grotesque abilities. Explore a living world powered by Ecological A.I., where the inhabitants have interesting and consequential relationships with one another that impact your gameplay experience. Experience truly next generation graphics that vividly illustrate the forlorn art deco city, highlighted by the most detailed and realistic water effects ever developed in a video game. Make meaningful choices and mature decisions, ultimately culminating in the grand question: do you exploit the innocent survivors of Rapture...or save them? [2K Games]",96,8.6																		
Metal Gear Solid 2: Sons of Liberty, PlayStation 2,"November 12, 2001","Since the incident on Shadow Moses Island, Metal Gear's top-secret technology has been leaked into the black market through the machinations of Revolver Ocelot. As a result, countless variations of Metal Gears have sprung up in every corner of the globe, making the weapon an increasingly common component of the armed forces of nuclear powers. In the midst of all of this, Solid Snake, now a member of the anti-Metal Gear group ""Philanthropy,"" has learned that a new prototype Metal Gear has been developed by the U.S. Marines and is being transported in secret to an unknown destination. To learn more about this new machine, Snake must infiltrate the transport, disguised as a tanker, as it makes its way down the Hudson River. Just as Snake is about to begin his mission, however, the ship is seized by a mysterious and well-armed group bent on stealing the new Metal Gear for their own, nefarious purposes. [Konami]",96,8.8																		
Grand Theft Auto Double Pack, Xbox,"October 31, 2003","From the dark and seedy streets of Liberty City's underworld to the glamorous hedonism of Vice City of the 1980s, the Grand Theft Auto double-pack takes you through the huge worlds of Grand Theft Auto III and it's sequel Vice City. The highly controversial Grand Theft Auto III gives you the freedom to go anywhere and jack anyone, putting the dark, intriguing and ruthless world of crime at your fingertips. Vice City is an entirely new game set in the '80s, preserving and adding to the free-roaming gameplay, cinematic graphics and immersive audio experience that made the Grand Theft Auto III so popular.",96,8.1																		
Baldur's Gate II: Shadows of Amn, PC,"September 24, 2000","An epic continuation of the story that began in ""Baldur's Gate,"" this RPG is set along the southern portion of the Sword Coast, a detailed and rich area of the Forgotten Realms called Amn. It features 300 spells and 130-plus monster types compared to only 130 spells and 60 monster types in Baldur's Gate. [Interplay]",95,9.1																		
Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas, PlayStation 2,"October 26, 2004","[Metacritic's 2004 PS2 Game of the Year] Five years ago Carl Johnson escaped from the pressures of life in Los Santos, San Andreas... a city tearing itself apart with gang trouble, drugs and corruption. Where filmstars and millionaires do their best to avoid the dealers and gangbangers. Now, it's the early 90s. Carl's got to go home. His mother has been murdered, his family has fallen apart and his childhood friends are all heading towards disaster. On his return to the neighborhood, a couple of corrupt cops frame him for homicide. CJ is forced on a journey that takes him across the entire state of San Andreas, to save his family and to take control of the streets. [Rockstar]",95,9.1																		
Grand Theft Auto: Vice City, PlayStation 2,"October 27, 2002","[Metacritic's 2002 PS2 Game of the Year ] Welcome to Vice City. Welcome to the 1980s. Having just made it back onto the streets of Liberty City after a long stretch in maximum security, Tommy Vercetti is sent to Vice City by his old boss, Sonny Forelli. They were understandably nervous about his re-appearance in Liberty City, so a trip down south seemed like a good idea. But all does not go smoothly upon his arrival in the glamorous, hedonistic metropolis of Vice City. He's set up and is left with no money and no merchandise. Sonny wants his money back, but the biker gangs, Cuban gangsters, and corrupt politicians stand in his way. Most of Vice City seems to want Tommy dead. His only answer is to fight back and take over the city himself. Vice City offers vehicular pleasures to suit every taste. For the speed enthusiast, there's high-performance cars and motorbikes. For the sportsman, a powerboat or a golf buggy lets you enjoy the great outdoors. For those that need that sense of freedom and escape, why not charter a helicopter and see the beauty of Vice City from the air? [Rockstar]",95,8.8																		
LittleBigPlanet, PlayStation 3,"October 27, 2008","In LittleBigPlanet Players meet on a blue and green planet scattered with individual plots – and use their character's amazing abilities to play, create and share what they build with other gamers throughout the world via the Playstation Network. The LittleBigPlanet experience starts with players learning about their character’s powers to interact physically with the environment. There are places to explore, creative resources to collect and puzzles to solve – all requiring a combination of brains and collaborative teamwork. As soon as players begin their creative skills will grow and they will soon be ready to start creating and modifying their surroundings – the first step to sharing them with the whole community.Characters have the power to move anything in this glued and stitched-together 3D landscape	 they have the power to design, shape and build both objects and entire locations for others to view and play. There’s no complicated level editor	 all of these skills can be learned by simply playing the game. Creativity is part of the gameplay experience and playing is part of the creative experience. Players can make their world as open or as secretive to explore as they like. When it’s ready, they can invite anyone within the LittleBigPlanet community to come and explore their patch – or can go and explore everybody else's. [SCEA]",95,6.8																
The Legend of Zelda Collector's Edition, GameCube,"November 17, 2003","Receive Four Complete Classic Zelda games all on one disc when you buy the Zelda GameCube Bundle: The Legend of Zelda, Zelda II - The adventure of Link, The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time, The Legend of Zelda: Majora's Mask. The disc also includes: Playable Demo of the Legend of Zelda: The Wind Waker, Zelda Retrospective Movie, The Legend of Zelda: The Wind Waker Movie Preview.",95,8.9																		
Red Dead Redemption, PlayStation 3,"May 18, 2010","Developed by Rockstar San Diego, as a follow up to the 2004 hit game Red Dead Revolver, Red Dead Redemption is a Western epic, set at the turn of the 20th century when the lawless and chaotic badlands began to give way to the expanding reach of government and the spread of the Industrial Age. The story of former outlaw, John Marston, Red Dead Redemption takes players on a great adventure across the American frontier. Utilizing Rockstar's proprietary Rockstar Advanced Game Engine (RAGE), Red Dead Redemption features an open-world environment for players to explore, including frontier towns, rolling prairies teeming with wildlife, and perilous mountain passes - each packed with an endless flow of varied distractions. Along the way, players experience the heat of gunfights and battles, meet a host of unique characters, struggle against the harshness of one of the world’s last remaining wildernesses, and ultimately pick their own precarious path through an epic story about the death of the Wild West and the gunslingers that inhabited it. [Rockstar Games]",95,8.9																		
Gran Turismo 3: A-Spec, PlayStation 2,"July 9, 2001","With the addition of two new courses (a downtown Tokyo circuit and the Monte Carlo Grand Prix course), an impressive range of cars (from Vipers to Cooper Minis), and a soundtrack featuring everything from Lenny Kravitz to Jimi Hendrix, this highly anticipated title is finally ready to be driven.",95,8.4																		
Halo 2, Xbox,"November 9, 2004","The Covenant alien race threatens to destroy all humankind, and the only thing standing in its way is Master Chief, a genetically enhanced supersoldier. Master Chief returns in Halo 2, which features new vehicles, weapons, environments, and more. This time, you can interact with your environment, wield two weapons at the same time, board opponents' vehicles, and even switch sides to play the role of a Covenant Elite. Halo 2 also supports broadband multiplayer action via Xbox Live.",95,8.7																		
The Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past, Game Boy Advance,"December 3, 2002","Now you have a link to one of the greatest adventures in The Legend of Zelda series. The Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past revives the classic SNES game on the Game Boy Advance and adds a new multiplayer mode. In a Link to the Past, Link travels between the light world and the dark world, conquering fierce monsters and uncovering Hyrule's deepest secrets along the way. Also included is Four Swords, which lets you play with up to three other players, slashing through dungeons and collecting rupees. Whether you choose solo or competitive play, The Legend of Zelda will keep you occupied with its brain-bending puzzles and fun swashbuckling action.",95,9.0																		
The Legend of Zelda: Majora's Mask, Nintendo 64,"October 25, 2000","Thrown into a parallel world by the mischievous actions of a possessed Skull Kid, Link finds a land in grave danger. The dark power of a relic called Majora's Mask has wreaked havoc on the citizens of Termina, but their most urgent problem is a suicidal moon crashing toward the world. Link has only 72 hours to find a way to stop its descent.",95,9.1																		
The Last of Us, PlayStation 3,"June 14, 2013","Twenty years after a pandemic radically transformed known civilization, infected humans run amuck and survivors kill one another for sustenance and weapons - literally whatever they can get their hands on. Joel, a salty survivor, is hired to smuggle a fourteen-year-old girl, Ellie, out of a rough military quarantine, but what begins as a simple job quickly turns into a brutal journey across the country.",95,9.2																		
The Legend of Zelda: Twilight Princess, Wii,"November 19, 2006","When an evil darkness enshrouds the land of Hyrule, a young farm boy named Link must awaken the hero - and the animal - within. When Link travels to the Twilight Realm, he transforms into a wolf and must scour the land with the help of a mysterious girl named Midna. Using the power and unique control of the Wii console, The Legend of Zelda: Twilight Princess features precise aiming control using the Wii Remote. The Wii Remote and the Nunchuk controller are used for a variety of game activities, including fishing and special sword attacks. Players ride into battle against troops of foul creatures using an amazing horseback combat system, then take on massive bosses that must be seen to be believed. [Nintendo]",95,9.0																		
Madden NFL 2003, PlayStation 2,"August 12, 2002","Take Your Game Online: Access an online community where you can meet, chat, and play head-to-head against other gamers. Audio Dream Team: Dynamic play-by-play and analysis by Madden and Michaels. All-New Mini-camp: Hop on John Madden's Cruiser Tour Bus and travel to all NFL cities to complete skilled tasks. Create-A-Playbook: Customize receiver routes, player formations, and your team's entire playbook. Deepest Franchise Mode Ever: Play 30 years of Franchise mode and draft players each season with tips from your scouts. [EA Sports]",95,7.6																		
Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 2, Game Boy Advance,"May 30, 2001","Hawks back, in the worlds first 3D handheld skating game, and hes brought new pros (Caballero, Koston, Mullen), New tricks (Bluntsides, BS/FS Nose-and Tailsides, Heelflip Varials, Airwalks, and more), and new terrain (Insane street and vert levels) Tony Hawks Pro Skater 2 for Game Boy Advance. Get your hands on a legend.",95,6.9																		
Persona 5 Royal, PlayStation 4,"March 31, 2020","Prepare for an all-new RPG experience in Persona 5 Royal based in the universe of the award-winning series, Persona! Don the mask of Joker and join the Phantom Thieves of Hearts. Break free from the chains of modern society and stage grand heists to infiltrate the minds of the corrupt and make them change their ways! Persona 5 Royal is packed with new characters, confidants, story depth, new locations to explore, and a new grappling hook mechanic for stealthy access to new areas. With a new semester at Shujin Academy, get ready to strengthen your abilities in the metaverse and in your daily life. Persona 5 Royal presents a unique visual style and award nominated composer Shoji Meguro returns with an all-new soundtrack. Explore Tokyo, unlock new Personas, customize your own personal Thieves Den, discover a never-before-seen story arc, cutscenes, alternate endings, and more! Even for the most seasoned Phantom Thieves among us, Persona 5 Royal is a new challenge to defy conventions, discover the power within, and fight for justice. Wear the mask. Reveal your truth.",95,8.4																		
The Last of Us Remastered, PlayStation 4,"July 29, 2014","The Last of Us has been rebuilt for the PlayStation4 system. Now featuring full 1080p, higher resolution character models, improved shadows and lighting, in addition to several other gameplay improvements. 20 years after a pandemic has radically changed known civilization, infected humans run wild and survivors are killing each other for food, weapons	 whatever they can get their hands on. Joel, a violent survivor, is hired to smuggle a 14 year-old girl, Ellie, out of an oppressive military quarantine zone, but what starts as a small job soon transforms into a brutal journey across the U.S. The Last of Us Remastered includes the Abandoned Territories Map Pack, Reclaimed Territories Map Pack, and the critically acclaimed The Last of Us: Left Behind Single Player campaign that combines themes of survival, loyalty, and love with tense, survival-action gameplay. Remastered Features: -Explore a brutal post-pandemic world, fully realized with the power of PlayStation4 system -Includes additional game content: over $30 in value -Delve into Ellies past in Left Behind, the single-player prequel chapter -Eight new multiplayer maps in the Abandoned and Reclaimed Territories packs -In-game cinematic commentary from the cast and creative director",95,9.2																	
Tetris Effect: Connected, Switch,"October 8, 2021","Tetris Effect: Connected is the original Tetris Effect with all-new co-op and competitive online and local multiplayer modes. This is Tetris like you've never seen it, or heard it, or felt it beforean incredibly addictive, unique and breathtakingly gorgeous reinvention of one of the most popular puzzle games of all time.",95,8.5																		
Portal 2, PC,"April 18, 2011","Valve is working on a full-length sequel to its award-winning, mind-bending puzzle action game for the Xbox 360 and PC.",95,9.1																		
Red Dead Redemption, Xbox 360,"May 18, 2010","Developed by Rockstar San Diego, as a follow up to the 2004 hit game Red Dead Revolver, Red Dead Redemption is a Western epic, set at the turn of the 20th century when the lawless and chaotic badlands began to give way to the expanding reach of government and the spread of the Industrial Age. The story of former outlaw, John Marston, Red Dead Redemption takes players on a great adventure across the American frontier. Utilizing Rockstar's proprietary Rockstar Advanced Game Engine (RAGE), Red Dead Redemption features an open-world environment for players to explore, including frontier towns, rolling prairies teeming with wildlife, and perilous mountain passes - each packed with an endless flow of varied distractions. Along the way, players experience the heat of gunfights and battles, meet a host of unique characters, struggle against the harshness of one of the world’s last remaining wildernesses, and ultimately pick their own precarious path through an epic story about the death of the Wild West and the gunslingers that inhabited it. [Rockstar Games]",95,9.0																		
Portal 2, Xbox 360,"April 19, 2011","Valve is working on a full-length sequel to its award-winning, mind-bending puzzle action game for the Xbox 360 and PC.",95,8.8																		
Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain, Xbox One,"September 1, 2015","Following the prologue METAL GEAR SOLID V: GROUND ZEROES, METAL GEAR SOLID V: THE PHANTOM PAIN concludes the METAL GEAR SOLID V experience by following the story of the protagonist of the series, Big Boss (a.k.a. Snake). The METAL GEAR SOLID V experience is Creator and Director Hideo Kojima's first time incorporating open world gameplay to the groundbreaking METAL GEAR franchise.",95,7.5																		
Portal 2, PlayStation 3,"April 19, 2011","Portal 2 is the sequel to the title named ""Game of the Year"" 2007 by over 30 publications around the world. Portal 2 promises to break new ground in next generation gaming by expanding the award-winning recipe of innovative gameplay, immersive story, and creative inclusion of music while also introducing multiplayer co-op game modes.",95,8.7																		
World of Goo, Wii,"October 13, 2008","[WiiWare] World of Goo is a physics based puzzle / construction game. The millions of Goo Balls that live in the beautiful World of Goo don't know that they are in a game, or that they are extremely delicious. [2D Boy]",94,8.7																		
The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim, PC,"November 10, 2011","The next chapter in the Elder Scrolls saga arrives from the Bethesda Game Studios. Skyrim reimagines the open-world fantasy epic, bringing to life a complete virtual world open for you to explore any way you choose. Play any type of character you can imagine, and do whatever you want	 the legendary freedom of choice, storytelling, and adventure of The Elder Scrolls is realized like never before. Skyrim's new game engine brings to life a complete virtual world with rolling clouds, rugged mountains, bustling cities, lush fields, and ancient dungeons. Choose from hundreds of weapons, spells, and abilities. The new character system allows you to play any way you want and define yourself through your actions. Battle ancient dragons like you've never seen. As Dragonborn, learn their secrets and harness their power for yourself.",94,8.4																	
BioShock Infinite, PlayStation 3,"March 26, 2013","Once conceived as a floating symbol of American ideals at a time when the United States was emerging as a world power, Columbia has been dispatched to distant shores with great fanfare by a captivated public. What begins as a brand new endeavor of hope turns drastically wrong as the city soon disappears into the clouds to whereabouts unknown. The player assumes the role of former Pinkerton agent Booker DeWitt, sent to the lost city to rescue Elizabeth, a young woman imprisoned there since childhood. He develops a relationship with Elizabeth, augmenting his abilities with hers so the pair may escape from a city that is literally falling from the sky. DeWitt must learn to fight foes in high-speed Sky-Line battles, engage in combat both indoors and amongst the clouds, and engage the power of dozens of new weapons and abilities.",94,8.5																		
Final Fantasy IX, PlayStation,"November 13, 2000","The last Final Fantasy for the PlayStation, Final Fantasy IX returns to the pure fantasy roots that spawned the series. This latest installment features highly detailed characters, vehicles, and environments, and breathtaking cinema-graphics. The addition of brand new features such as the story-enhancing Active Time Event system and the return of minigames that grant additional gameplay make Final Fantasy IX not only a memorable gaming experience, but also a significant step forward in the series.",94,9.0																		
Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 2, PlayStation 3,"November 10, 2009","Modern Warfare 2 continues the gripping and heart-racing action as players face off against a new threat dedicated to bringing the world to the brink of collapse. An entirely new gameplay mode which supports 2-player co-operative play online that is unique from the single player story campaign. Special Ops pits players into a gauntlet of time-trial and objective-based missions. Rank-up as players unlock new Special Ops missions, each more difficult. Missions include highlights from the single player campaign, fan favorites from Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare and all new, exclusive missions. Setting a new bar for online multiplayer, Modern Warfare 2 multiplayer delivers new capabilities, customization, gamestates and modes, including: Create-a-Class Evolved. Secondary Weapons - Machine Pistols, Shotguns, Handguns, Launchers. Riot Shields. Equipment - Throwing Knives, Blast Shield, Tactical Insertion. Perk Upgrades. Bling (Dual Attachments). Customizable Killstreaks - AC130, Sentry Gun, Predator Missile, Counter-UAV, Care Package. Accolades (Post match reports). [Activision]",94,6.6																		
God of War, PlayStation 4,"April 20, 2018","His vengeance against the gods of Olympus far behind him, Kratos now lives as a man in the lands of Norse Gods and monsters. It is in this harsh, unforgiving world that he must fight to survive… and teach his son to do the same. As mentor and protector to a son determined to earn his respect, Kratos is faced with an unexpected opportunity to master the rage that has long defined him. Questioning the dark lineage he’s passed on to his son, he hopes to make amends for the shortcomings of his past. Set within the untamed forests, mountains, and realms of Norse lore, God of War features a distinctly new setting with its own pantheon of creatures, monsters, and gods. [Playstation.com]",94,9.2																		
Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 4, PlayStation 2,"October 23, 2002","Build your skills, earn respect, and show that you've got what it takes to Go Pro. 190 progressively harder goals. No time clock, no constraints. Pro-specific challenges. Evolving levels. Interact with other skaters. Multi-player modes. Customize your game...Your career is what you make of it. [Activision]",94,8.4																		
Devil May Cry, PlayStation 2,"October 16, 2001","In a large American metropolis, a man named Dante, a private investigator of the supernatural, is seeking revenge for the death of his mother and brother. The world is waiting, for Dante is no ordinary man, and with his father's sword in hand, he must enter the demon realm and avenge mankind. [Capcom]",94,8.6																		
Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare, PlayStation 3,"November 5, 2007","[Metacritic's 2007 PS3 Game of the Year] As Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare's single player campaign unfolds, the player is introduced to new gameplay at every turn – one moment you are fast-roping from your Black Hawk helicopter after storming into the war zone with an armada of choppers, the next you are a sniper, under concealment, in a Ghillie suit miles behind enemy lines, the next you are engaging hostiles from an AC-130 gunship thousands of feet above the battlefield. Mixed with explosive action, Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare also delivers special effects, including use of depth of field, rim-lighting, character self-shadowing, real time post-processing, texture streaming as well as physics-enabled effects. Infinity Ward deployed a dedicated team from the start to deliver a new level of depth to multiplayer. Building on the hit ""Call of Duty 2"" online experience, Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare's new multiplayer provides the community an addictive and accessible experience to gamers of all levels. [Activision]",94,8.4																		
Madden NFL 2002, PlayStation 2,"August 19, 2001","The industry football standard returns featuring the Houston Texans, new player face and body technology, the ability to create your own team with custom helmets, uniforms, and stadiums, and a new training mode that let's you learn from Madden, the master himself.",94,7.3																		
Batman: Arkham City, Xbox 360,"October 18, 2011","Developed by Rocksteady Studios, Batman: Arkham City builds upon the intense, atmospheric foundation of Batman: Arkham Asylum, sending players soaring into Arkham City, the new maximum security ""home"" for all of Gotham City's thugs, gangsters and insane criminal masterminds. Set inside the heavily fortified walls of a sprawling district in the heart of Gotham City, this highly anticipated sequel introduces a brand-new story that draws together a new all-star cast of classic characters and murderous villains from the Batman universe, as well as a vast range of new and enhanced gameplay features to deliver the ultimate experience as the Dark Knight.",94,8.8																		
Mass Effect 2, PC,"January 26, 2010","The Mass Effect trilogy is a science fiction adventure set in a vast universe filled with dangerous alien life forms and mysterious uncharted planets. In this dark second chapter, Saren’s evil army of Geth soldiers has just been defeated, and humans, who are still struggling to make their mark on the galactic stage, are now faced with an even greater peril. [BioWare]",94,8.9																		
The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time 3D, 3DS,"June 19, 2011","The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time 3D takes the best-reviewed game of all time for a brand-new experience. Now in 3D all of the graphic textures and colors have been vastly improved, taking advantage of the considerable graphic power of the Nintendo 3DS system. This game tells the epic story of Hyrule and Link™, Zelda™, and Ganondorf in remarkable depth and gives context to the many tales of their struggles. As such, this title represents a perfect entry point for players new to the Zelda franchise. Phenomenally Improved Graphics Beyond even the incredible 3D effect, every graphic texture and character model has been lovingly built from the ground up to create the most dynamic and vivid vision of Zelda’s kingdom yet. This is Hyrule as you’ve always imagined it. Playing the Ocarina Link needs to play the eponymous Ocarina of Time many, many times over the course of the game. This involves a specific series of button presses to play one of the twelve songs in the game. In the original title, you would need to assign the ocarina to an item slot, then likely review the button prompts to your song, then play them from memory. The Nintendo 3DS version has the ocarina constantly available on the Touch Screen, and playing with the button prompts for each song right in front of you. Enhanced Game play While the greatest care has been taken to preserve the classic game play and story, a number of new features make this the definitive version of this extraordinary game.",94,9.0																		
Chrono Cross, PlayStation,"August 15, 2000","Featuring a storyline developed by the creator of Chrono Trigger and Xenogears, Chrono Cross has been christened the ""Best RPG Creation"" by its development team. With multiple scenarios cast along a single story thread, and many different endings, each replay can result in an entirely new adventure. In addition, a brand new battle system makes combat smooth and innovative by introducing an element field system and combo system that gives the player unparalleled flexibility in their fighting options. The elimination of random battles also quickens the pace of the game, and places the choice of where to battle in the player's hands. With character designs by a famed Japanese illustrator and music by the original Chrono Trigger composer, Chrono Cross features visuals and sounds that bring its magic to life.",94,8.8																		
Celeste, Xbox One,"January 26, 2018","Help Madeline survive her journey to the top of Celeste Mountain in this super-tight, hand-crafted platformer from the creators of TowerFall.",94,7.4																		
BioShock, PlayStation 3,"October 21, 2008","Going beyond ""run and gun corridors,"" ""monster-closet AIs"" and static worlds, BioShock creates a living, unique and unpredictable FPS experience. After your plane crashes into icy uncharted waters, you discover a rusted bathysphere and descend into Rapture, a city hidden beneath the sea. Constructed as an idealistic society for a hand picked group of scientists, artists and industrialists, the idealism is no more. Now the city is littered with corpses, wildly powerful guardians roam the corridors as little girls loot the dead, and genetically mutated citizens ambush you at every turn. Take control of your world by hacking mechanical devices, commandeering security turrets and crafting unique items critical to your very survival. Upgrade your weapons with ionic gels, explosives and toxins to customize them to the enemy and environment. Genetically modify your body through dozens of Plasmid Stations scattered throughout the city, empowering you with fantastic and often grotesque abilities. Explore a living world powered by Ecological A.I., where the inhabitants have interesting and consequential relationships with one another that impact your gameplay experience. Experience truly next generation graphics that vividly illustrate the forlorn art deco city, highlighted by the most detailed and realistic water effects ever developed in a video game. Make meaningful choices and mature decisions, ultimately culminating in the grand question: do you exploit the innocent survivors of Rapture...or save them? [2K Games]",94,8.9																		
Mass Effect 2, PlayStation 3,"January 17, 2011","The Mass Effect trilogy is an emotionally charged science fiction adventure set in a vast universe filled with dangerous alien life and mysterious, uncharted planets. In Mass Effect 2, players will once again step into the role of the heroic Commander Shepard, commanding their crew of some of the most dangerous operatives from across the galaxy on a mission so challenging that it's potentially suicidal. Featuring intense shooter action, a rich futuristic storyline, space exploration and emotionally engaging character interaction, the game delivers an unparalleled cinematic experience.",94,8.7																		
Grand Theft Auto: Vice City, PC,"May 12, 2003","[Metacritic's 2003 PC Game of the Year] The PC version has enhanced features including improved graphics and sound, additional PC controls, as well as several options for players to customize the game. ""Welcome to Vice City. Welcome to the 1980s."" Having just made it back onto the streets of Liberty City after a long stretch in maximum security, Tommy Vercetti is sent to Vice City by his old boss, Sonny Forelli. They were understandably nervous about his re-appearance in Liberty City, so a trip down south seemed like a good idea. But all does not go smoothly upon his arrival in the glamorous, hedonistic metropolis of Vice City. He's set up and is left with no money and no merchandise. Sonny wants his money back, but the biker gangs, Cuban gangsters, and corrupt politicians stand in his way. Most of Vice City seems to want Tommy dead. His only answer is to fight back and take over the city himself. Vice City offers vehicular pleasures to suit every taste. For the speed enthusiast, there's high-performance cars and motorbikes. For the sportsman, a powerboat or a golf buggy lets you enjoy the great outdoors. For those that need that sense of freedom and escape, why not charter a helicopter and see the beauty of Vice City from the air? [Rockstar]",94,8.8																		
Madden NFL 2004, PlayStation 2,"August 12, 2003","[Metacritic's 2003 Playstation 2 Game of the Year] Key Features for 2004 include New Playmaker Control - Make pre-snap adjustments to your receiver routes, direct receiver routes during a scramble, direct blocking down field during a run, or read and react to the offense to deliver a crushing tackle	 New Owner Mode - Hire your own staff, set your team's ticket prices, build your own stadium, reward key players with signing bonuses and boost player attributes in Mini-Camp drills	 Most Realistic NFL Playbooks Ever - Tons of new trick plays, multiple formation variations, and the deepest NFL playbooks from all 32 officially licensed Coaches Club Head Coaches	 New Animations and Enhancements - New QB scramble transitions to improve throwing on the run, stumbles, open field blocks, whirlwind defensive reaction moves, sideline wrap tackles, and out of bound pushes. [Electronic Arts]",94,8.3															
Gears of War, Xbox 360,"November 7, 2006","Gears of War blends tactical action with survival horror and thrusts gamers into a deep and harrowing story of humankind's epic battle for survival against the Locust Horde, a nightmarish race of creatures that surface from the bowels of the planet. Lead war hero Marcus Fenix and his fire team as they face the onslaught of merciless warrior fiends. A revolutionary tactical combat system and breathtaking, high-definition visuals from the Unreal Engine 3 immerse you in a horrifying story of war and survival. A.I. teammates are indiscernable from human players. Voice recognition and real-time lip synching heighten the experience. The battlefield is a lethal place. To survive, suppress your enemy with blindfire, take cover in interactive environments, or use weapons and teammates to outwit your foes. [Microsoft]",94,8.4																		
The Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion, Xbox 360,"March 20, 2006","Oblivion is a single-player game that takes place in Tamriel's capital province, Cyrodiil. You are given the task of finding the hidden heir to a throne that sits empty, the previous emperor having been killed by an unknown assassin. With no true Emperor, the gates to Oblivion (the equivalent of hell in the world of Tamriel) open, and demons begin to invade Cyrodiil and attack its people and towns. It's up to you to find the lost heir to the throne and unravel the sinister plot that threatens to destroy all of Tamriel. In keeping with the Elder Scrolls tradition, players have the option to experience the main quest at their own pace, and there are plenty of opportunities to explore the vast world and make your own way. Numerous factions can be joined, such as the thieves or mages guilds, and each contains its own complete storyline and the chance to rise to the head of the faction and reap further rewards. Oblivion features a groundbreaking new AI system, called Radiant AI, which gives non-player characters (NPCs) the ability to make their own choices based on the world around them. They decide where to eat or who to talk to and what they say. They sleep, go to church, and even steal items, all based on their individual characteristics. Full facial animations and lip-synching, combined with full speech for all dialog, allows NPCs to come to life like never before. [Bethesda]",94,8.7																		
Sid Meier's Civilization II, PC,"February 29, 1996","An empire-building turn-based strategy game. The game starts at the Old Stone Age in 4000 BC. Your tribe begins with a Settlers unit and has no knowledge about the surrounding area. As you found new cities and explore the surroundings, you may find hostile barbarians, villages, and other competing cultures. [Civ Fantatics' Center]",94,8.8																		
Quake, PC,"June 22, 1996","Rage through 32 single player levels and 6 deathmatch levels of sheer terror and fully immersive sound and lighting. Arm yourself against the cannibalistic Ogre, fiendish Vore and indestructible Schambler using letal nails, fierce Thunderbolts and abominable Rocket and Grenade Launchers. [id Software]",94,8.8																		
Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare, Xbox 360,"November 5, 2007","As Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare's single player campaign unfolds, the player is introduced to new gameplay at every turn – one moment you are fast-roping from your Black Hawk helicopter after storming into the war zone with an armada of choppers, the next you are a sniper, under concealment, in a Ghillie suit miles behind enemy lines, the next you are engaging hostiles from an AC-130 gunship thousands of feet above the battlefield. Mixed with explosive action, Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare also delivers special effects, including use of depth of field, rim-lighting, character self-shadowing, real time post-processing, texture streaming as well as physics-enabled effects. Infinity Ward deployed a dedicated team from the start to deliver a new level of depth to multiplayer. Building on the hit ""Call of Duty 2"" online experience, Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare's new multiplayer provides the community an addictive and accessible experience to gamers of all levels. [Activision]",94,8.5																		
BioShock Infinite, PC,"March 25, 2013","Initially conceived as a floating symbol of American ideals at a time when the United States was emerging as a world power, Columbia is sent to distant shores with great fanfare by a captivated public. What begins as a fresh new endeavor of hope turns drastically wrong as the city soon disappears into the clouds to whereabouts unknown. The player takes on the role of former Pinkerton agent Booker DeWitt, sent to the lost city to rescue Elizabeth, a young lady imprisoned there since her childhood. He develops a relationship with Elizabeth, enhancing his abilities with hers so the pair may escape from a city that is literally falling from the sky. DeWitt has to learn to fight foes in high-speed Sky-Line battles, engage in combat both indoors and amongst the clouds, and harness the power of a myriad of new weapons and abilities.",94,8.6																		
Halo 3, Xbox 360,"September 25, 2007","Halo 3 is the third game in the Halo Trilogy and provides the thrilling conclusion to the events begun in ""Halo: Combat Evolved."" Halo 3 picks up where ""Halo 2"" left off. The Master Chief is returning to Earth to finish the fight. The Covenant occupation of Earth has uncovered a massive and ancient object beneath the African sands - an object who's secrets have yet to be revealed. Earth's forces are battered and beaten. The Master Chief's AI companion Cortana is still trapped in the clutches of the Gravemind - a horrifying Flood intelligence, and a civil war is raging in the heart of the Covenant. This is how the world ends... [Bungie]",94,8.1																		
Ninja Gaiden Black, Xbox,"September 20, 2005","In Ninja Gaiden Black you can reprise the role of Ryu Hayabusa, ninja extraordinaire. This sequel to Ninja Gaiden supplies a new story and new missions, plus two more difficulty settings and cinematic cut scenes that provide background about the protagonist. Ninja Gaiden Black also incorporates the additional content from Hurricane Packs 1 and 2 and includes unlockable content such as the original arcade version of Ninja Gaiden. Ninja Gaiden Black includes online features for keeping track of karma points on the online leader board.",94,8.8																		
The Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion, PC,"March 20, 2006","Oblivion is a single-player game that takes place in Tamriel's capital province, Cyrodiil. You are given the task of finding the hidden heir to a throne that sits empty, the previous emperor having been killed by an unknown assassin. With no true Emperor, the gates to Oblivion (the equivalent of hell in the world of Tamriel) open, and demons begin to invade Cyrodiil and attack its people and towns. It's up to you to find the lost heir to the throne and unravel the sinister plot that threatens to destroy all of Tamriel. In keeping with the Elder Scrolls tradition, players have the option to experience the main quest at their own pace, and there are plenty of opportunities to explore the vast world and make your own way. Numerous factions can be joined, such as the thieves or mages guilds, and each contains its own complete storyline and the chance to rise to the head of the faction and reap further rewards. Oblivion features a groundbreaking new AI system, called Radiant AI, which gives non-player characters (NPCs) the ability to make their own choices based on the world around them. They decide where to eat or who to talk to and what they say. They sleep, go to church, and even steal items, all based on their individual characteristics. Full facial animations and lip-synching, combined with full speech for all dialog, allows NPCs to come to life like never before. [Bethesda]",94,8.2																		
Street Fighter IV, PlayStation 3,"February 17, 2009","Street Fighter IV features a mix of returning favourites such as Ryu, Ken, Chun-Li and Guile along with new characters created exclusively for this game such as Crimson Viper, Abel, El Fuerte, and Rufus. Characters and environments are rendered in high definition 3D, while the game is played in the classic Street Fighter 2D perspective with additional 3D camera flourishes. Six-button controls for the game return, with a host of new special moves and features integrated into the input system. Street Fighter IV also incorporates state of the art online match making and worldwide online gameplay. Mixing classic genre-defining game mechanics the franchise is known and loved for with all-new, never-before-seen gameplay systems, Street Fighter IV brings a brand new fighting game to fans the world over. With the inclusion of Capcom's latest advancements in new generation technology, Street Fighter IV promises to deliver an extraordinary experience that will re-introduce the world to the time-honoured art of virtual martial arts. New special moves that go beyond any Street Fighter fan's wildest imagination, including Focus attacks, Super Combos, and the revenged-fueled Ultra Combo system. Classic Street Fighter characters recreated for a new generation of gamers, including the original cast of Street Fighter II. New brawlers: female super-spy Crimson Viper, lucha libre wrestler El Fuerte, mixed martial artist Abel and more. New gameplay elements provide new challenges for both newcomers and the most seasoned Street Fighter pro. Online gameplay features, including instantaneous online challenges, versus mode, tournament mode, and world wide online gameplay. [Capcom]",94,7.4																		
Super Mario Advance 4: Super Mario Bros. 3, Game Boy Advance,"October 21, 2003","A combination of exciting platforming action, wild power-ups, and charming Mario style has made Super Mario Bros. 3 a classic. With Super Mario Advance 4: Super Mario Bros. 3, you have your chance to partake in the special adventure anywhere you go on your Game Boy Advance. Your mission is to rescue the Mushroom Kingdom monarchs who have been transformed into animals by Bowser and his mischievous offspring, and in the process save the princess kidnapped by Bowser. Traverse eight huge worlds and encounter fun minigames and frantic boss battles as you explore the first Mario game to use an overworld map.",94,8.9																		
Jet Grind Radio, Dreamcast,"October 30, 2000","Join a graffiti crew, stamp your territory and protect it from rival taggers, but watch out for the angry cops!",94,8.3																		
Metal Gear Solid, PlayStation,"October 21, 1998","You are Snake, a government agent on a mission to regain control of a secret nuclear weapons base from terrorist hands. Lightly armed and facing an army of foes, Snake must avoid firefights in order to survive. If Snake can locate them he can utilize advanced hardware, ranging from silenced pistols to ground-to-air missiles. Enemies react to sight and sound - so stay quiet and stay in the shadows. State-of-the-art graphics: textures, transparencies, models and explosions. Taut, gripping story with multiple endings - a truly cinematic experience.",94,9.2																		
Grim Fandango, PC,"October 14, 1998","Something's rotten in the Land of Dead and you're being played for a sucker. Meet Manny Calavera, travel agent at the Department of Death. He sells luxury packages to souls on their four-year journey to eternal rest. But there's trouble in paradise. Help Manny untangle himself from a conspiracy that threatens his very salvation. [LucasArts]",94,9.1																		
Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell Chaos Theory, Xbox,"March 28, 2005","As Sam Fisher, Third Echelon's most skilled Splinter Cell operative, you are assigned to execute a hazardous series of operations to investigate and eliminate a new source of information attacks originating in North Korea. At your disposal is a lethal array of tactics ranging from Combat Knife techniques to experimental prototype weapons skills and more-radical hand-to-hand techniques such as the Inverted Chokehold. Experience the intensity of acting as a lone operative fighting tomorrow's threats in the field and of cooperating online with a partner to accomplish crucial missions.",94,9.1																		
Resident Evil Code: Veronica, Dreamcast,"February 29, 2000","Resident Evil Code: Veronica takes up the story of Claire Redfield, a character from Resident Evil 2. In that game she was searching for her brother Chris (a missing S.T.A.R.S. member) and in Resident Evil Code: Veronica we follow her to Europe where she continues her search at Umbrella headquarters.",94,8.5																		
Burnout 3: Takedown, Xbox,"September 7, 2004","Burnout 3 challenges you to crash into (and through) busy intersections, while creating as much damage as possible. You can battle your way to the front of the pack by taking down rivals and causing spectacular crashes. For those who thirst for crashes, the game includes a crash mode that rewards you for creating massive pileups. With multiplayer gameplay, more than 100 events, and 40 tracks, Burnout 3 provides intense speed and action.",94,7.7																		
Diablo, PC,"December 31, 1996","The kingdom of Khandaras has fallen into chaos. An unknown force of evil has swept across the land. Plunging it nto civil war and terrorizing the populace. A mad king, his missing son, and a mysterious archbishop are all pieces to the puzzle that faces you. You have journeyed to the source of the evil. The town of Tristram. Now inhabited by only a handful of survivors. The catherdal there is buildt over the ruins of an ancient monastary, and now eerie lights and sounds are heard echoing through its abandoned halls. Perhaps the answer lies withing the remains of a forgotten past... Diablo invites you to enter a world of dark gothic fantasy. Play as a brave warrior, cunning rogue or mysterious sorceror. As you venture deeper into the labyrinth, you'll discover weapons, armor, and magical treasures, and develop your character's skills and abilities. [Blizzard]",94,8.7																		
Metal Gear Solid 3: Subsistence, PlayStation 2,"March 14, 2006","Metal Gear goes online for the first time in Metal Gear Solid 3 Subsistence! Players can battle or team up with up to 7 other friends for online dominance. Featuring different gameplay modes, new camera system, and robust online play, Subsistence is the game that gives players a brand new Metal Gear experience. Includes MGS3 Snake Eater and all new Online Modes, including Death Match, Team Death Match, Sneaking Mission, Capture Mission, and Rescue Mission. Third Person Camera system gives players more control. Bonus Metal Gear and Metal Gear 2 Solid Snake games which have never been released before in the North America. Demo Theater, Duel Mode, and new stages for Snake vs. Monkey mini-game. [Konami]",94,9.1																		
Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 2, Xbox 360,"November 10, 2009","Modern Warfare 2 continues the gripping and heart-racing action as players face off against a new threat dedicated to bringing the world to the brink of collapse. An entirely new gameplay mode which supports 2-player co-operative play online that is unique from the single player story campaign. Special Ops pits players into a gauntlet of time-trial and objective-based missions. Rank-up as players unlock new Special Ops missions, each more difficult. Missions include highlights from the single player campaign, fan favorites from Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare and all new, exclusive missions. Setting a new bar for online multiplayer, Modern Warfare 2 multiplayer delivers new capabilities, customization, gamestates and modes, including: Create-a-Class Evolved. Secondary Weapons - Machine Pistols, Shotguns, Handguns, Launchers. Riot Shields. Equipment - Throwing Knives, Blast Shield, Tactical Insertion. Perk Upgrades. Bling (Dual Attachments). Customizable Killstreaks - AC130, Sentry Gun, Predator Missile, Counter-UAV, Care Package. Accolades (Post match reports). [Activision]",94,6.6																		
Metal Gear Solid 4: Guns of the Patriots, PlayStation 3,"June 12, 2008","Metal Gear Solid 4: Guns of the Patriots features an aging and exhausted Solid Snake in the middle of a futuristic battlefield. In spite of his failing body, Snake is equipped with a crucial new device tentatively known as ""OctoCamo,"" a high-tech suit that dynamically transforms its texture based on Snake's surroundings. This revolutionary new gameplay mechanic allows him to seamlessly blend into the environment, providing him with the means to stalk his enemies like never before. This latest chapter in Hideo Kojima's legendary tactical espionage actin series marks the return of several characters from previous Metal Gear Solid games including Revolver Ocelot, Meryl Silverburgh, Naomi Hunter and Raiden, and features an unforgettable story that depicts the desperate state of the future as seen through the eyes of an older Solid Snake. [Konami]",94,8.8																		
NCAA Football 2004, PlayStation 2,"July 16, 2003","Take the rivalry online: Battle Michigan vs. Ohio State, USC vs. Notre Dame, Oklahoma vs. Nebraska, and more in online head-to-head exhibition games. Chat or sing your favorite fight song in-game with EA SPORTS Talk, or follow the stat leaders across the country in the Online Top 100. Get in the end zone with new trick plays like the Halfback Throwback and Wide Receiver Double Reverse Pass. New animations include sideline tackles, stumbles, new over-the-shoulder and basket catches, user-controlled celebrations, and much more. See the receivers better through a new QB Rollout camera and use the Play-Action Pass camera to fake out the defense. New College Classics mode: Replay 20 of the greatest college football games from the last two decades. Take over the game at a key situation, relive the glorious victory, or change history with an upset. Over 150 new teams: Play as one of 36 new 1-AA teams or one of the 100+ NEW Classic Teams including 1930 Notre Dame, 1956 Oklahoma, 1972 USC, 1985 Auburn, and 2002 Ohio State. Continuing the dynasty: Project the season's top performers with the new Pre-Season All-American Team and revel in your weekly accomplishments with new Sports Illustrated magazine covers. [EA Sports]",94,8.3																		
God of War, PlayStation 2,"March 22, 2005","Unleash the power of the Gods and embark on a merciless quest as Kratos, an ex-Spartan warrior driven to destroy Ares, the God of War. Armed with lethal double chainblades, Kratos must carve through mythology's darkest creatures including Medusa, Cyclops, the Hydra and more, while solving intricate puzzles in breathtaking environments. Driven by pure revenge, nothing can stop Kratos from achieving absolution. [SCEA]",94,8.9																		
Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic, Xbox,"July 17, 2003","Long before the Galactic Civil War, an epic drama begins. Engage in this saga set in the Golden Age of the Republic--over 4,000 years before the first Star Wars film, when both Jedi and Sith number in the thousands. With the Galaxy reeling from a recent conflict with the Dark Lords, the ongoing battle between the Jedi and the Sith rages on. It's up to guide your customizable and evolving characters through ten different worlds, fast-paced minigames, and locations including a Sith world, the Wookie homeworld, and the Jedi Academy. Your actions determine the outcome of this colossal galactic war--and your destiny as a Jedi.",94,9.1																		
Sid Meier's Civilization IV, PC,"October 25, 2005","Faster-Paced Fun - Gameplay has been streamlined for a tighter, faster, and more compelling experience.Greater Accessibility and Ease of Play - An easy-to-use interface will be immediately familiar to RTS and action game players, and newcomers to the series will be able to jump in and play. Tech Tree - Flexible Tech tree allows players more strategic choices for developing their civilizations along unique paths. More Civs, Units, and Improvements to enhance and grow your empire. Multiplayer -LAN, Internet, PBEM, and Persistent Turn-Based Server (PTBS) offer players all-new strategies and ways to play when competing or cooperating with live opponents. Team Play - Whether playing multiplayer or single player, team play offers a new way of setting locked alliances that result in shared wonder effects, visibility, unit trading, and shared territory that delivers a plethora of new strategic and tactical options. Civ IV comes to life! - Beautiful 3D world with dozens of fully animated units (including culturally unique units), and totally customizable armies. Cities and wonders will appear on the map. Wonder movies are back! [2K Games]",94,8.2																		
Madden NFL 2004, GameCube,"August 12, 2003","In its 14th season, Madden NFL Football isn't showing signs of slowing down. Madden NFL 2004 adds new features such as Playmaker Control and Owner Mode to it's deepen its football simulation. This year, players can make adjustments after the snap and create championship caliber plays with the easy-to-use Playmaker Control. The new Owner mode allows you build and manage your own stadium in addition to your own team. Compete against other players through EA Sports Online Tournaments. With new plays, modes, and online play, Madden NFL 2004 is the most complete, authentic installment in the series yet.",94,7.2																		
Virtua Fighter 4, PlayStation 2,"March 17, 2002","Two new characters (Lei Fei and Vanessa Lewis) join 11 VF veterans, each with their own unique styles based on real martial arts. New counters and defensive moves allow players to switch up their stances and fighting styles mid-bout. Train a computer-controlled character through sparring and an easy-to-use rewards system, then pit your character against a friend's or challenge the arcade mode. [Sega]",94,8.1																		
Super Mario 64, Nintendo 64,"September 26, 1996","Mario is super in a whole new way! Combining the finest 3-D graphics ever developed for a video game and an explosive sound track, Super Mario 64 becomes a new standard for video games. It's packed with bruising battles, daunting obstacle courses and underwater adventures. Retrieve the Power Stars from their hidden locations and confront your arch nemesis - Bowser, King of the Koopas!",94,9.1																		
The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt, PC,"May 18, 2015","With the Empire attacking the Kingdoms of the North and the Wild Hunt, a cavalcade of ghastly riders, breathing down your neck, the only way to survive is to fight back. As Geralt of Rivia, a master swordsman and monster hunter, leave none of your enemies standing. Explore a gigantic open world, slay beasts and decide the fates of whole communities with your actions, all in a genuine next generation format.",93,9.4																		
Burnout 3: Takedown, PlayStation 2,"September 7, 2004","Burnout 3 takes the hit series even further, now featuring a unique ""crash and burn"" racing concept and a one-of-a-kind special effects engine that delivers spectacular visuals. The intensity heats up as players race, and often crash, their way through oncoming traffic in an attempt to claim the top spot. Boasting multiple single-player, multiplayer and online crash and race modes, Burnout 3 offers players the opportunity to race through busy city streets and be rewarded for taking risks that result in heart-pounding action and electrifying crashes. [Electronic Arts]",93,9.0																		
Super Smash Bros. Brawl, Wii,"March 9, 2008","[Metacritic's 2008 Wii Game of the Year] Super Smash Bros. Brawl is the next installment in the Smash Bros. series for the company's Wii console. Among the new characters playable in the game are Meta Knight, the sword-wielding nemesis of Kirby	 Pit, the angelic archer from Kid Icarus	 Zero Suit Samus, the powerful Metroid series heroine minus her versatile armor	 and Wario, who demonstrates a noxious attack of gastronomic proportions. Also Snake, the gritty soldier from Konami's hugely popular Metal Gear series. [Nintendo]",93,8.8															
Company of Heroes, PC,"September 13, 2006","A real-time strategy game set in World War II, Company of Heroes brings to life, in full cinematic detail, the greatest war mankind has ever known. Company of Heroes is built on Relic's next-generation Essence Engine and also utilizes the Havok Physics engine, delivering cinematic visual detail in a world completely driven by realistic physics. Gamers will experience the journey of the brave men of Able Company in a deep single-player campaign that begins with the invasion of Normandy through their fight across Europe, all set against the most dynamic battlefield ever seen in a game. Company of Heroes' completely destructable environment means no two battles ever play out in the same way. Advanced squad AI delivers startling new realism and responsiveness, bringing soldiers to life as they interact with the environment and execute advanced squad tactics to eliminate the opposition forces. [THQ]",93,8.7																		
Gran Turismo 2, PlayStation,"November 30, 1999",The world's most advanced racing game returns with thunderous new features.,93,9.0																		
The Last of Us Part II, PlayStation 4,"June 19, 2020","Five years after their dangerous journey across the post-pandemic United States, Ellie and Joel have settled down in Jackson, Wyoming. Living amongst a thriving community of survivors has allowed them peace and stability, despite the constant threat of the infected and other, more desperate survivors. When a violent event disrupts that peace, Ellie embarks on a relentless journey to carry out justice and find closure. As she hunts those responsible one by one, she is confronted with the devastating physical and emotional repercussions of her actions.",93,5.7																		
Hades, Xbox Series X,"August 13, 2021","Defy the god of the dead as you hack and slash out of the Underworld in this rogue-like dungeon crawler from the creators of Bastion, Transistor, and Pyre. Hades is a god-like rogue-like dungeon crawler that combines the best aspects of Supergiant's critically acclaimed titles, including the fast-paced action of Bastion, the rich atmosphere and depth of Transistor, and the character-driven storytelling of Pyre. BATTLE OUT OF HELL As the immortal Prince of the Underworld, you'll wield the powers and mythic weapons of Olympus to break free from the clutches of the god of the dead himself, while growing stronger and unraveling more of the story with each unique escape attempt. UNLEASH THE FURY OF OLYMPUS The Olympians have your back! Meet Zeus, Athena, Poseidon, and many more, and choose from their dozens of powerful Boons that enhance your abilities. There are thousands of viable character builds to discover as you go. BEFRIEND GODS, GHOSTS, AND MONSTERS A fully-voiced cast of colorful, larger-than-life characters is waiting to meet you! Grow your relationships with them, and experience thousands of unique story events as you learn about what's really at stake for this big, dysfunctional family. BUILT FOR REPLAYABILITY New surprises await each time you delve into the ever-shifting Underworld, whose guardian bosses will remember you. Use the powerful Mirror of Night to grow permanently stronger, and give yourself a leg up the next time you run away from home. NOTHING IS IMPOSSIBLE Permanent upgrades mean you don't have to be a god yourself to experience the exciting combat and gripping story. Though, if you happen to be one, crank up the challenge and get ready for some white-knuckle action that will put your well-practiced skills to the test. SIGNATURE SUPERGIANT STYLE The rich, atmospheric presentation and unique melding of gameplay and narrative that's been core to Supergiant's games is here in full force: spectacular hand-painted environments and a blood-pumping original score bring the Underworld to life.",93,8.5																		
Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell Pandora Tomorrow, Xbox,"March 23, 2004","Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Pandora Tomorrow, the sequel to the stealth-action game Splinter Cell, once again casts you in the role of Sam Fisher, who is sent in to destroy top-secret documentation held in the embassy of militia leader Suhadi Sadono. Use all-new moves and prototype gear to infiltrate buildings and spare the hostages. This time, you can take your games of espionage against three other players in online multiplayer mode, in which you choose to play as either a mercenary or spy. You've got the moves and the gear, now put them to use.",93,8.6																		
Grand Theft Auto: Chinatown Wars, DS,"March 17, 2009","Grand Theft Auto: Chinatown Wars is an entirely original entry into the critically acclaimed Grand Theft Auto series, and brings a new level of interactivity to its sprawling open environments. With the use of the DS touch screen, players navigate their way through the streets as they uncover the truth behind an epic tale of crime and corruption within the Triad crime syndicate, delivering the unprecedented amount of depth that has become a true trademark of the franchise.",93,8.3																		
Pac-Man Championship Edition DX, Xbox 360,"November 17, 2010","PAC-MAN Championship Edition DX continues to uphold NAMCO BANDAI's tradition of enhancing a classic franchise for today's gamer. Building upon PAC-MAN Championship Edition’s original six courses, the new game features more than 100 varied and mind-boggling mazes to navigate. Several new modes will also be available to test a player's pellet-munching aptitude. In Time Attack Mode, players will vie for the quickest clear time. Fulfill a series of objectives in Mission Mode or compete to devour the most number of ghosts gobbled in Ghost Mode.",93,7.7																		
Street Fighter Alpha 3, PlayStation,"April 30, 1999",Street Fighter Alpha 3...scores a triple K.O.!,93,8.6																		
Hades, Switch,"September 17, 2020","Defy the god of the dead as you hack and slash out of the Underworld in this rogue-like dungeon crawler from the creators of Bastion, Transistor, and Pyre. Hades is a god-like rogue-like dungeon crawler that combines the best aspects of Supergiant's critically acclaimed titles, including the fast-paced action of Bastion, the rich atmosphere and depth of Transistor, and the character-driven storytelling of Pyre. BATTLE OUT OF HELL As the immortal Prince of the Underworld, you'll wield the powers and mythic weapons of Olympus to break free from the clutches of the god of the dead himself, while growing stronger and unraveling more of the story with each unique escape attempt. UNLEASH THE FURY OF OLYMPUS The Olympians have your back! Meet Zeus, Athena, Poseidon, and many more, and choose from their dozens of powerful Boons that enhance your abilities. There are thousands of viable character builds to discover as you go. BEFRIEND GODS, GHOSTS, AND MONSTERS A fully-voiced cast of colorful, larger-than-life characters is waiting to meet you! Grow your relationships with them, and experience thousands of unique story events as you learn about what's really at stake for this big, dysfunctional family. BUILT FOR REPLAYABILITY New surprises await each time you delve into the ever-shifting Underworld, whose guardian bosses will remember you. Use the powerful Mirror of Night to grow permanently stronger, and give yourself a leg up the next time you run away from home. NOTHING IS IMPOSSIBLE Permanent upgrades mean you don't have to be a god yourself to experience the exciting combat and gripping story. Though, if you happen to be one, crank up the challenge and get ready for some white-knuckle action that will put your well-practiced skills to the test. SIGNATURE SUPERGIANT STYLE The rich, atmospheric presentation and unique melding of gameplay and narrative that's been core to Supergiant's games is here in full force: spectacular hand-painted environments and a blood-pumping original score bring the Underworld to life.",93,9.0																		
Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3, Xbox,"March 4, 2002","You may not be able to live like the legend, but now you can skate like him. Skate as the legendary Tony Hawk or choose from a dream team of 12 top pro skaters, including old favorites like Lasek, Thomas, Muska, and Steamer, as well as new talent like Gilfberg, Caballero, Koston, and Mullen. Or enjoy full customization abilities with the enhanced Create-a-Skater (now including female skaters) and the Skatepark Editor. Travel from L.A. to Tokyo, Suburbia to Skater's Island performing challenges and meeting goals. New moves include the Revert, which allows you to link vert tricks, and flatland tricks such as Caspers, the Primo, and Handstand Manual. If you're good, you can even unlock hidden pro footage.",93,7.7																		
Half-Life: Alyx, PC,"March 23, 2020","Half-Life: Alyx is Valve's VR return to the Half-Life series. It's the story of an impossible fight against a vicious alien race known as the Combine, set between the events of Half-Life and Half-Life 2. Playing as Alyx Vance, you are humanity's only chance for survival. The Combine's control of the planet since the Black Mesa incident has only strengthened as they corral the remaining population in cities. Among them are some of Earth's greatest scientists: you and your father, Dr. Eli Vance. As founders of a fledgling resistance, you've continued your clandestine scientific activityperforming critical research, and building invaluable tools for the few humans brave enough to defy the Combine. Every day, you learn more about your enemy, and every day you work toward finding a weakness. ABOUT GAMEPLAY IN VR: Valve's return to the Half-Life universe that started it all was built from the ground up for virtual reality. VR was built to enable the gameplay that sits at the heart of Half-Life. Immerse yourself in deep environmental interactions, puzzle solving, world exploration, and visceral combat. Lean to aim around a broken wall and under a Barnacle to make an impossible shot. Rummage through shelves to find a healing syringe and some shotgun shells. Manipulate tools to hack alien interfaces. Toss a bottle through a window to distract an enemy. Rip a Headcrab off your face and throw it at a Combine soldier. Extra content for Index owners Customers who have purchased Valve Index hardware by the end of 2019 will have access to unique bonuses starting early next year: * Explore environments from Half-Life: Alyx in your SteamVR Home space * Alternate gun skins to embellish Alyx's arsenal * Special Half-Life: Alyx-themed content for Counter-Strike: Global Offensive and Dota 2 Community-built environments * A set of Source 2 tools for building new environments will ship with the game, enabling any player to build and contribute new environments for the community to enjoy. Hammer, Valve's level authoring tool, has been updated with all of the game's virtual reality gameplay tools and components.",93,9.2																		
Divinity: Original Sin II - Definitive Edition, Switch,"September 4, 2019","Set a thousand years after the first game, Divinity: Original Sin II presents a darker, more grounded narrative and expands on the tactical combat system of its award-winning predecessor. In Divinity: Original Sin, you were on a quest for the forbidden Source magic. Now, you yourself are a Sourcerer: a dangerously powerful individual whose abilities summon creatures from the encroaching Void. The Divine is dead and the Void is everywhere. Sourcerers are blamed and the Divine Order is leading the charge against the threat: you. Captured and sent to Fort Joy, you will be ""cured"" of your powers -- no matter the cost. But the Order has secrets of its own that may cast doubt on its so-called holy mission. As you escape from Fort Joy, you realize that if the world remains godless, it will be consumed by the Void.",93,8.5																		
Divinity: Original Sin II, PC,"September 14, 2017","Master deep, tactical combat. Join up to 3 other players - but know that only one of you will have the chance to become a God.",93,8.8																		
Unreal Tournament 2004, PC,"March 16, 2004","Reload, rev up and ride out. The new Tournament is faster, higher and meaner. Land and air based vehicles take combat to a new level	 while an arsenal of new weaponry, daunting arenas and battlefields and the challenge of the Assault and Onslaught modes make the gladiator blood sport of the future a brand new experience. Buckle up	 it?s gonna be one hell of a ride! [Atari]",93,8.8																
BioShock Infinite, Xbox 360,"March 26, 2013","Thrust into the year 1912, players take on the role of former Pinkerton agent Booker DeWitt, who has traveled to the flying city of Columbia on a rescue mission. His target is Elizabeth, a young lady imprisoned since her childhood years. During their bold escape, Booker and Elizabeth form a powerful bond -- one which lets Booker enhance his own abilities with her world-altering control over the environment. As a team, they fight from high-speed Sky-Lines, in the streets and houses of Columbia, on giant Zeppelins and in the clouds, while simultaneously learning to harness an growing arsenal of weapons and abilities.",93,8.6																		
Ori and the Will of the Wisps, Switch,"September 17, 2020","From the creators of Ori and the Blind Forest comes the highly-anticipated sequel, Ori and the Will of the Wisps. Embark on an all-new adventure in a vast and exotic world where you’ll encounter towering enemies and challenging puzzles on your quest to discover Ori’s true destiny. Immerse yourself in a hand-crafted narrative experience with deeply emotional storytelling, strikingly beautiful environments, and a stunning soundtrack. Master new skills to guide Ori through a journey of untold danger using newly acquired spirit weapons, spells, and attacks. Utilize an all-new shard system to power-up Ori’s newfound abilities. Face larger-than-life bosses and seek help from an expansive cast of new characters who will help you uncover Ori’s mysterious fate. Race to the top of the leaderboards in the all-new Spirit Trials mode where players dash, burrow, grapple, and leap to high scores in unique speed-run challenges throughout the game.",93,8.7																		
Braid, Xbox 360,"August 6, 2008","[Xbox Live Arcade] Braid is a puzzle-platformer, drawn in a painterly style, where the player manipulates the flow of time in strange and unusual ways. From a house in the city, journey to a series of worlds and solve puzzles to rescue an abducted princess. In each world, you have a different power to affect the way time behaves, and it is time's strangeness that creates the puzzles. The time behaviors include: the ability to rewind, objects that are immune to being rewound, time that is tied to space, parallel realities, time dilation, and perhaps more. Braid treats your time and attention as precious	 there is no filler in this game. Every puzzle shows you something new and interesting about the game world. Braid is a 2-D platform game where you can never die and never lose. Despite this, Braid is challengingâ??but the challenge is about solving puzzles, rather than forcing you to replay tricky jumps. Travel through a series of worlds searching for puzzle pieces, then solving puzzles by manipulating time: rewinding, creating parallel universes, setting up pockets of dilated time. The gameplay feels fresh and new	 the puzzles are meant to inspire new ways of thinking. [Microsoft]",93,8.5																
God of War II, PlayStation 2,"March 13, 2007","[Metacritic's 2007 PS2 Game of the Year] God of War saw Kratos, a mortal warrior, set upon an epic quest to dethrone a God. But his journey did not end there. In God of War II, Kratos sits atop his Olympus throne, as the new God of War – far more ruthless than Ares ever was. To end his continued torment, Kratos must journey to the far reaches of the earth and defeat untold horrors and alter that which no mortal, or god has ever changed, his fate. God of War II sets an epic stage for a devastating mythological war to end all wars. In God of War II, players retake the role of Kratos. Armed with the deadly blades and blistering rage, players are aided by new breath-taking magic and new brutal combat moves. The journey takes them through vividly striking environments where they are faced with a labyrinth of challenging puzzles and mini-games intricately woven into the story. The violent world of Greek mythology comes to life in gory detail as Kratos encounters new mythical characters, and compete in epic boss battles in his quest. [SCEA]",93,9.0																		
Super Mario 3D World, Wii U,"November 22, 2013","Work together with your friends or compete for the crown in the first multiplayer 3D Mario game for the Wii U console. In the Super Mario 3D World game, players can choose to play as Mario, Luigi, Princess Peach or Toad.",93,8.9																		
Starcraft II: Wings of Liberty, PC,"July 27, 2010","StarCraft II continues the epic saga of the Protoss, Terran, and Zerg. These three distinct and powerful races clash once again in the fast-paced real-time strategy sequel to the legendary original, StarCraft. Legions of veteran, upgraded, and brand-new unit types do battle across the galaxy, as each faction struggles for survival. Featuring a unique single-player campaign that picks up where StarCraft: Brood War left off, StarCraft II presents a cast of new heroes and familiar faces in an edgy sci-fi story filled with adventure and intrigue. In addition, Blizzard again offers unparalleled online play through Battle.net, the company's world-renowned gaming service, with several enhancements and new features to make StarCraft II the ultimate competitive real-time strategy game. Features fast-paced, hard-hitting, tightly balanced competitive real-time strategy gameplay that recaptures and improves on the magic of the original game. New units and gameplay mechanics further distinguish each race. Vibrant new 3D-graphics engine with support for dazzling visual effects and massive unit and army sizes. Full map-making and scripting tools to give players incredible freedom in customizing and personalizing their gameplay experience. [Blizzard]",93,8.3																		
SSX, PlayStation 2,"October 30, 2000","Remember when snowboard sims used to suck? The times have truly changed with the monster speed, detailed tracks and super-fast frame rates of EA's first extreme sports game for the PS2.",93,8.1																		
Street Fighter IV, Xbox 360,"February 17, 2009","Street Fighter IV features a mix of returning favourites such as Ryu, Ken, Chun-Li and Guile along with new characters created exclusively for this game such as Crimson Viper, Abel, El Fuerte, and Rufus. Characters and environments are rendered in high definition 3D, while the game is played in the classic Street Fighter 2D perspective with additional 3D camera flourishes. Six-button controls for the game return, with a host of new special moves and features integrated into the input system. Street Fighter IV also incorporates state of the art online match making and worldwide online gameplay. Mixing classic genre-defining game mechanics the franchise is known and loved for with all-new, never-before-seen gameplay systems, Street Fighter IV brings a brand new fighting game to fans the world over. With the inclusion of Capcom's latest advancements in new generation technology, Street Fighter IV promises to deliver an extraordinary experience that will re-introduce the world to the time-honoured art of virtual martial arts. New special moves that go beyond any Street Fighter fan's wildest imagination, including Focus attacks, Super Combos, and the revenged-fueled Ultra Combo system. Classic Street Fighter characters recreated for a new generation of gamers, including the original cast of Street Fighter II. New brawlers: female super-spy Crimson Viper, lucha libre wrestler El Fuerte, mixed martial artist Abel and more. New gameplay elements provide new challenges for both newcomers and the most seasoned Street Fighter pro. Online gameplay features, including instantaneous online challenges, versus mode, tournament mode, and world wide online gameplay. [Capcom]",93,7.3																		
Minecraft, PC,"November 18, 2011","The game involves players creating and destroying various types of blocks in a three dimensional environment. The player takes an avatar that can destroy or create blocks, forming fantastic structures, creations and artwork across the various multiplayer servers in multiple game modes.",93,8.0																		
Undertale, Switch,"September 18, 2018","Welcome to UNDERTALE. In this RPG, you control a human who falls underground into the world of monsters. Now you must find your way out... or stay trapped forever. ((Healthy Dog's Warning: Game contains imagery that may be harmful to players with photosensitive epilepsy or similar condition.)) features: * Killing is unnecessary: negotiate out of danger using the unique battle system. * Time your attacks for extra damage, then dodge enemy attacks in a style reminiscent of top-down shooters. * Original art and soundtrack brimming with personality. * Soulful, character-rich story with an emphasis on humor. * Created mostly by one person. * Become friends with all of the bosses! * At least 5 dogs. * You can date a skeleton. * Hmmm... now there are 6 dogs...? * Maybe you won't want to date the skeleton. * I thought I found a 7th dog, but it was actually just the 3rd dog. * If you play this game, can you count the dogs for me...? I'm not good at it.",93,8.2																		
Persona 4 Golden, PlayStation Vita,"November 20, 2012",Persona 4: The Golden is a remastered version of PS2 classic Shin Megami Tensei: Persona 4.,93,8.6																		
Persona 5, PlayStation 4,"April 4, 2017","Beneath the veneer of typical urban high school life, a group of teenagers mask their mysterious alter egos, their ""phantom thief"" side. Who are they? Why are they dressed as such? What are their motives? And... why are they being pursued? A picaresque coming-of-age story, Persona 5 brings a new twist to the RPG genre. Assume the role of a second-year high school student who becomes a Persona-user through an unexpected incident. Having moved to Tokyo just before the start of the school year, he finds residence at a cafe run by his parents' friend, and is about to get his first taste of school life in the big city. The protagonist seems quiet and well-mannered at first glance, but gives a completely different impression once he has donned his ""phantom thief"" guise. What is the motivation of his alter ego...? Arsene is the protagonist's initial Persona, characterized by a mask-like face and a pair of huge, black wings. Some suspect an association between its name and the famous gentleman-thief, Arsene Lupin. What is the origin of this Persona, and what power does it hold? This is an account of the wild adventures experienced by a team of young misfits, who grow dramatically along the way. While attending Shujin High School, the protagonist will encounter a number of individuals, each with his or her own distinctive personality and charm. School life in the city is full of surprises and interesting events! It will most definitely be a fun year for the protagonist, living as an ordinary student. However, he and his friends become involved in an incident which leads to the awakening of their Personas. No one would ever suspect that these adolescents will eventually shake the world... Welcome to the next iteration of the Persona series, boasting a brand new metropolitan setting, all-new cast, and fresh, original story. [Atlus]",93,8.7																		
Red Dead Redemption 2, PC,"November 5, 2019","America, 1899. The end of the wild west era has begun as lawmen hunt down the last remaining outlaw gangs. Those who will not surrender or succumb are killed. After a robbery goes badly wrong in the western town of Blackwater, Arthur Morgan and the Van der Linde gang are forced to flee. With federal agents and the best bounty hunters in the nation massing on their heels, the gang must rob, steal and fight their way across the rugged heartland of America in order to survive. As deepening internal divisions threaten to tear the gang apart, Arthur must make a choice between his own ideals and loyalty to the gang who raised him. From the creators of Grand Theft Auto V and Red Dead Redemption, Red Dead Redemption 2 is an epic tale of life in America at the dawn of the modern age.",93,6.2																		
SSX 3, PlayStation 2,"October 20, 2003","Embark on the ultimate adventure and conquer the mountain with SSX 3. Life begins at the summit where a wide-open mountain awaits you -- board it, explore it, and beat it. Featuring all-new freestyle events and race courses, jaw-dropping tricks, and a cast of cool, customizable characters, SSX 3 is yours to conquer. Redefine the boundaries what you do and what you earn, and go anywhere gravity takes you with SSX 3! [Electronic Arts]",93,8.8																		
Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell, Xbox,"November 17, 2002","Infiltrate terrorists' positions, acquire critical intelligence by any means necessary, execute with extreme prejudice, and exit without a trace. In Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell, you are Sam Fisher, a highly trained secret operative of the NSA's secret arm: Third Echelon. Suit up with the latest classified field operative gear and weapons as you travel through diverse mission objectives. The world's future is in your hands, as cyber terrorism and international tensions are about to explode into WWIII.",93,8.6																		
Grand Theft Auto III, PC,"May 20, 2002","The PC version features enhanced 3D audio. Environmentally scaled and referenced from the player's perspective. Create your own customizable Liberty City radio station, using the built-in mp3 player. State-of-the art visuals utilizing the latest PC hardware render the city more beautifully than ever in 32 bit color. The skinnable player character enables fans to create and upload their own skin textures and to use a scanned-in photo to play as themselves. [Rockstar]",93,8.2																		
Quake III Arena, Dreamcast,"October 22, 2000","Prepare to abandon every ounce of common sence and any trace of doubt as you're engulfed by an online multiplayer frnezy throughout cyberspace! Delve into lands of eerie uncertainty and fatal hazards drawing you into the depths of dispair, as legions of foes surround you. Challenging the gut reaction that transported you here in the first place. Immerse yourself within.",93,8.3																		
Homeworld, PC,"August 31, 1999","Deported to a harsh desert world, exiles have struggled for three thousand years to regain the stars. Now it's up to you to guide them home through a brutal empire bent on annihilation. Homeworld boasts amazing ship graphics and gorgeous deep-space vistas, a unique command and navigation interface and white-knuckle real-time strategy. [Sierra]",93,8.8																		
Okami, PlayStation 2,"September 19, 2006","In Okami, the legendary monster Orochi has come back to life and turned the world into a veritable wasteland. Players must assume the role of a wolf, an embodiment of the sun god Amaterasu, which is capable of wielding unimaginable power. The state of the world lies in gamer's hands as they must fight ominous beings and reclaim the earth from a curse that plagues it. It is crucial to help Amaterasu make the world a place where all living creatures can dwell once again. [Capcom]",93,9.1																		
The Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion, PlayStation 3,"March 20, 2007","Oblivion is a single-player game that takes place in Tamriel's capital province, Cyrodiil. You are given the task of finding the hidden heir to a throne that sits empty, the previous emperor having been killed by an unknown assassin. With no true Emperor, the gates to Oblivion (the equivalent of hell in the world of Tamriel) open, and demons begin to invade Cyrodiil and attack its people and towns. It's up to you to find the lost heir to the throne and unravel the sinister plot that threatens to destroy all of Tamriel. In keeping with the Elder Scrolls tradition, players have the option to experience the main quest at their own pace, and there are plenty of opportunities to explore the vast world and make your own way. Numerous factions can be joined, such as the thieves or mages guilds, and each contains its own complete storyline and the chance to rise to the head of the faction and reap further rewards. Oblivion features a groundbreaking new AI system, called Radiant AI, which gives non-player characters (NPCs) the ability to make their own choices based on the world around them. They decide where to eat or who to talk to and what they say. They sleep, go to church, and even steal items, all based on their individual characteristics. Full facial animations and lip-synching, combined with full speech for all dialog, allows NPCs to come to life like never before. [Bethesda]",93,8.2																		
Fallout 3, Xbox 360,"October 28, 2008","Vault-Tec engineers have worked around the clock on an interactive reproduction of Wasteland life for you to enjoy from the comfort of your own vault. Included is an expansive world, unique combat, shockingly realistic visuals, tons of player choice, and an incredible cast of dynamic characters. Every minute is a fight for survival against the terrors of the outside world – radiation, Super Mutants, and hostile mutated creatures. From Vault-Tec, America's First Choice in Post Nuclear Simulation. Vault 101 - Jewel of the Wastes. For 200 years, Vault 101 has faithfully served the surviving residents of Washington DC and its environs, now known as the Capital Wasteland. Though the global atomic war of 2077 left the US all but destroyed, the residents of Vault 101 enjoy a life free from the constant stress of the outside world. Giant Insects, Raiders, Slavers, and yes, even Super Mutants are all no match for superior Vault-Tec engineering. Yet one fateful morning, you awake to find that your father has defied the Overseer and left the comfort and security afforded by Vault 101 for reasons unknown. Leaving the only home you've ever known, you emerge from the Vault into the harsh Wasteland sun to search for your father, and the truth. [Bethesda Softworks]",93,8.5																		
Gears of War 2, Xbox 360,"November 7, 2008","Gears of War 2 builds upon the gameplay of the first title in every way. First, the scope of the action is bigger: new characters, more weapons, nastier enemies, bigger vehicles, and grander locales offer more action, more emotion, and more thrills. Next, every major aspect of the game has been refined to create heightened, more immersive experiences. Finally, the overall tone of Gears of War 2 is more badass: replete with new weapon-specific executions, chainsaw duels, and shocking boss fights. Gears of War 2 raises the graphics bar for next-generation games through its breathtaking visual effects, which are made possible through advances in Unreal Engine 3. New visual effects include ambient occlusion, dynamic shadows, improved character lighting, the ability to render hundreds of on-screen characters simultaneously, improved water physics, additional blood and bullet decals, advanced destructible environments, new weather effects, and the introduction of fluid objects. When combined with the sweeping vistas and evocative locales in the world of Sera where the Gears of War 2 story unfolds, these additions help make this the most gorgeous game available this generation. Gears of War 2 continues to push deep, immersive storytelling in video games to greater heights. Humanity's epic battle for survival is felt on both the personal and epic levels as you explore multiple story arcs that introduce new characters and flesh out the histories of familiar ones. A new in-game conversational camera system also helps bring the compelling story to life in a cinematic fashion. [Microsoft]",93,7.9																		
SoulCalibur II, GameCube,"August 27, 2003","Open the next chapter in world of Soul Calibur. Soul Calibur II features seven distinctive gameplay modes including: Arcade, Versus, Time Attack, Survival, Team Battle, Practice, and the console exclusive Weapon Master. Collect up to 200 different weapons and battle characters with their own styles, strengths, and abilities. In addition to the 13 fighters, each platform has unique special fighters: Link for GameCube, Heihachi for PS2, and Spawn for Xbox. Prove yourself through soul and sword.",93,8.9																		
World Soccer Winning Eleven 6 International, PlayStation 2,"March 11, 2003","North America, the wait is over. Experience the most realistic virtual recreation of the sport to date. Life-like player models, staggeringly realistic animations, and renowned gameplay bring a soccer experience that can't be beat. This critically acclaimed title is the must have soccer game of the year. Find out what you've been missing. Create your own dream team in the Master League. [Konami]",93,8.4																		
NFL 2K3, PlayStation 2,"August 12, 2002","Get ready for a crowd of new features and improvements, including a completely new Franchise mode, thrilling new offensive and defensive animations, and broadcast-quality commentary regarded as the best in all of sports video games. Complete with all the updated rosters, the new NFL alignment changes, and completely redesigned stadiums, its time to hit the line hard and remember winning isn't a sometime thing: it's an all-time thing. [Sega]",93,7.3																		
Mass Effect 3, Xbox 360,"March 6, 2012","BioWare completes the Mass Effect Trilogy with Mass Effect 3. Earth is burning. Striking from beyond known space, a race of terrifying machines have begun their destruction of the human race. As Commander Shepard, an Alliance Marine, the only hope for saving mankind is to rally the civilizations of the galaxy and launch one final mission to take back the Earth.",93,6.0																		
Hades, PlayStation 5,"August 13, 2021","Defy the god of the dead as you hack and slash out of the Underworld in this rogue-like dungeon crawler from the creators of Bastion, Transistor, and Pyre. Hades is a god-like rogue-like dungeon crawler that combines the best aspects of Supergiant's critically acclaimed titles, including the fast-paced action of Bastion, the rich atmosphere and depth of Transistor, and the character-driven storytelling of Pyre. BATTLE OUT OF HELL. As the immortal Prince of the Underworld, you'll wield the powers and mythic weapons of Olympus to break free from the clutches of the god of the dead himself, while growing stronger and unraveling more of the story with each unique escape attempt. UNLEASH THE FURY OF OLYMPUS The Olympians have your back! Meet Zeus, Athena, Poseidon, and many more, and choose from their dozens of powerful Boons that enhance your abilities. There are thousands of viable character builds to discover as you go. BEFRIEND GODS, GHOSTS, AND MONSTERS A fully-voiced cast of colorful, larger-than-life characters is waiting to meet you! Grow your relationships with them, and experience thousands of unique story events as you learn about what's really at stake for this big, dysfunctional family. BUILT FOR REPLAYABILITY New surprises await each time you delve into the ever-shifting Underworld, whose guardian bosses will remember you. Use the powerful Mirror of Night to grow permanently stronger, and give yourself a leg up the next time you run away from home. NOTHING IS IMPOSSIBLE Permanent upgrades mean you don't have to be a god yourself to experience the exciting combat and gripping story. Though, if you happen to be one, crank up the challenge and get ready for some white-knuckle action that will put your well-practiced skills to the test. SIGNATURE SUPERGIANT STYLE The rich, atmospheric presentation and unique melding of gameplay and narrative that's been core to Supergiant's games is here in full force: spectacular hand-painted environments and a blood-pumping original score bring the Underworld to life.",93,8.4																		
Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain, PlayStation 4,"September 1, 2015","Following the prologue METAL GEAR SOLID V: GROUND ZEROES, METAL GEAR SOLID V: THE PHANTOM PAIN concludes the METAL GEAR SOLID V experience by following the story of the protagonist of the series, Big Boss (a.k.a. Snake). The METAL GEAR SOLID V experience is Creator and Director Hideo Kojima's first time incorporating open world gameplay to the groundbreaking METAL GEAR franchise.",93,8.2																		
Skies of Arcadia, Dreamcast,"November 13, 2000","The age of exploration has dawned and you are about to embark on a magical journey, a voyage of discovery across the vast Skies of Arcadia in search of treasures untold, and where there is treasure, there will be Air Pirates! With over six vast lands to navigate, magnificent ships to fly and customize, a host of weapons and magical spells to be discovered and unique Internet functions to aid your quest, Skies of Arcadia is the most immense gaming experience ever created.",93,8.9																		
The Legend of Zelda: Skyward Sword, Wii,"November 20, 2011","A Link to the Future - The Legend of Zelda: Skyward Sword shakes up the tried-and-true adventure game formula and marks a turning point for the franchise. The introduction of full motion controls enabled by Wii MotionPlus technology synchronizes player movements with Link's actions while offering the most intuitive play control of any game in the series to date. FEATURES: * The Legend of Zelda: Skyward Sword boasts the most realistic sword combat of any game to date, turning every encounter into a challenge of both brains and brawn. Wii MotionPlus technology accurately translates the angle of every sword slice, effectively putting Link's blade in the player's hand. Analyzing enemy attack and defense tendencies and counteracting with precise swings of the sword provide a satisfying experience that blends puzzle-solving with a new and distinctly unique combat system. * Explore a massive, multilayered world that seamlessly blends soaring exploration in a sea of clouds with intense ground-based adventuring that blurs the line between the main world and traditional Zelda dungeons. Link soars through the skies on the back of a noble bird and dives beneath the clouds to the continent below in an epic quest that lays the foundation for the events in the critically acclaimed The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time. * Prepare for intense puzzle-solving as only The Legend of Zelda games can deliver. Exploration of the forests, volcanoes and deserts requires players to think on their feet as they solve puzzles, overcome obstacles and escape deadly traps. Once they find their way to each dungeon, they are confronted by even more puzzles guarded by fiendish enemies. * The Legend of Zelda: Skyward Sword redefines the traditional Zelda framework and introduces an arsenal of items, upgrades and rewards unlike any game in the franchise to date. The adventure guides players into, out of and back to dungeons and areas they've already completed. Along the way, Link gathers a massive inventory of peculiar items and resources that can be used to upgrade many of his weapons and equipment. * Every copy in the initial production of the game will come packaged with a special music CD featuring orchestral arrangements of select songs that will be performed at The Legend of Zelda 25th Anniversary Symphony Concert. * This version of The Legend of Zelda: Skyward Sword comes packaged with a special Gold Wii Remote Plus controller. You can also purchase a copy of the game without a controller.",93,8.1																		
Mario Kart Super Circuit, Game Boy Advance,"August 26, 2001","Whoever hands out driver's licenses in the Mushroom Kingdom is about to be in some serious trouble. Classic Mario Kart action is back once again, this time in a colorful, lightning-fast game that you can take anywhere. Mario, Luigi, Peach, Toad, Wario, Yoshi, and Bowser are all tearing up the track, tossing Koopa Shells and laying banana peels along the way. Mario Kart: Super Circuit puts your driving skills to the test on 40 tracks, each littered with wild weapons and obstacles. Four players can compete in Mario Kart: Super Circuit using only one Game Pak. If each player has a copy of the game, bonus features and new modes of play become available.",93,7.8																		
Beat Saber, PC,"May 21, 2019",Beat Saber is a VR rhythm game where your goal is to slash the beats which perfectly fit into precisely handcrafted music.,93,8.4																		
Rock Band 3, Xbox 360,"October 26, 2010",Rock Band returns with another iteration of the popular music game featuring new songs and instruments.,93,8.0																		
Viewtiful Joe, GameCube,"October 7, 2003","Joe is no ordinary man and Viewtiful Joe is no ordinary game. Capcom's new superhero action game mixes funky cartoon-style visuals with classic side-scrolling gameplay and introduces the world's quirkiest million dollar action hero. More than just any ordinary dude, Joe must transform into the ultimate superhero. It's up to you to activate the correct view mode like ""slow"" or ""zoom in"" in order to clobber your enemies with beautiful style. You can also speed up or slow down your visual effects for even more ""viewtiful"" moves. Viewtiful Joe mixes an innovative viewpoint with an amazing stunt-filled action movie universe.",93,8.3																		
Test Drive Le Mans, Dreamcast,"November 13, 2000","In order to join them, you will need excellent racing strategy and masterful driving skills to finish the race. You will have to be able to control the most powerful cars at speeds of over 350 kmh. You will have to bring out the hero in you! Are you ready for the challenge?",93,8.3																		
NBA 2K1, Dreamcast,"November 1, 2000","Visual Concepts has tweaked and buffed out the annoying gameplay traits that plagued its original hoops game, and the result is a highly polished product.",93,7.2																		
Castlevania: Symphony of the Night, PlayStation,"October 2, 1997","As a descendant of Dracula, you must end the vampire bloodline. Can you rid the world of this unspeakable terror? Uncover the mystery of Castlevania and challenge an adventure as legendary as its name. Over 140 different enemies, bosses, and ghastly creatures. Awesome magical spells - transform into a bat, a wolf, or etheral mist. Hidden weapons, secrets, and characters...the largest Castlevania ever!",93,9.2																		
Hades, PC,"September 17, 2020",Defy the god of death as you hack and slash your way out of the Underworld in this rogue-like dungeon crawler from the creators of Bastion and Transistor.,93,8.9																		
Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic, PC,"November 18, 2003","Engage in this saga set in the Golden Age of the Republic - over 4,000 years before the first Star Wars film, when both Jedi and Sith number in the thousands. With the Galaxy reeling from a recent conflict with the Dark Lords, the ongoing battle between the Jedi and the Sith rages on. Your actions determine the outcome of this colossal galactic war - and your destiny as a Jedi. [LucasArts]",93,9.0																		
Virtua Fighter 4: Evolution, PlayStation 2,"August 13, 2003","Challenge a steady stream of opponents with varying ranks and skill levels, with the impression that you're playing online against human opponents with different styles. Along with this illusion of online play, Virtua Fighter 4 has also been expanded upon, including the roster, the character customization features, the visuals, the training mode, and even the arcade mode. With the different tournaments and two new characters to explore, VF4: Evolution will put your fighting skills to the ultimate test.",93,8.7																		
Uncharted 4: A Thief's End, PlayStation 4,"May 10, 2016","Set 3 years after the events of Uncharted 3, Nathan Drake has apparently left the world of fortune hunting behind. However, it doesn’t take long for adventure to come calling when Drake’s brother, Sam, re-emerges asking for his help to save his own life and offering an adventure Drake cannot resist. On the hunt for Captain Henry Avery’s long-lost treasure, Sam and Drake embark on a journey to find Libertalia, the pirate utopia deep in the forests of Madagascar. Uncharted 4: A Thief’s End takes players around the globe, through jungle isles, urban cities and snow-capped peaks on the search for Avery’s fortune. [Naughty Dog]",93,8.8																		
Super Smash Bros. Ultimate, Switch,"December 7, 2018","Inklings from the Splatoon series, as well as returning Smash characters like Mario and Link will be making appearances in this classic Nintendo franchise's Switch debut. Faster combat, new items, new attacks, new defensive options, and more will keep the battle raging whether you’re at home or on the go.",93,8.6																		
Braid, PlayStation 3,"November 12, 2009","[Playstation Network] Explore the human condition and manipulate time as our hero Tim leaps onto the PlayStation Network in the lush, painterly world of Braid, a puzzle-platformer that takes you from a house in the city on a journey through a series of worlds to solve puzzles and rescue the princess. In each world, you have a different power to affect the way time behaves, including the ability to rewind, create parallel realities and utilize time dilation to overcome the many obstacles in your path. There is no filler in this game	 every puzzle shows you something new and interesting about the game world. [Hothead Games]",93,7.8																	
Mass Effect 3, PlayStation 3,"March 5, 2012","BioWare completes the Mass Effect Trilogy with Mass Effect 3. Earth is burning. Striking from beyond known space, a race of terrifying machines have begun their destruction of the human race. As Commander Shepard, an Alliance Marine, the only hope for saving mankind is to rally the civilizations of the galaxy and launch one final mission to take back the Earth.",93,5.8																		
Paper Mario, Nintendo 64,"February 5, 2001","Mario pals around in an all-new action adventure! Mario's back in his first adventure since Super Mario 64, and this time, Bowser's bent on preventing a storybook ending. When Princess Peach is kidnapped, Mario plots to rescue the seven Star Spirits and rid the Mushroom Kingdom of Koopa's cruel cohorts. As he travels from the tropical jungles of Lavalava Island to the frosty heights of Shiver Mountain, he'll meet up with seven all-new companions... and he'll need help from each one or there'll be no happily ever after.",93,9.0																		
Wipeout XL, PlayStation,"September 30, 1996","The original scorched the game world and became an instant classic. Fast-forward now to a brutal new generation of anti gravity racing. Loaded with faster, smoother graphics, more tracks, more crafts, and a range of nasty new weaponry. Wipeout XL will give you the rush of your life.",93,8.6																		
Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas, Xbox,"June 7, 2005","Five years ago Carl Johnson escaped from the pressures of life in Los Santos, San Andreas... a city tearing itself apart with gang trouble, drugs and corruption. Where filmstars and millionaires do their best to avoid the dealers and gangbangers. Now, it's the early 90s. Carl's got to go home. His mother has been murdered, his family has fallen apart and his childhood friends are all heading towards disaster. On his return to the neighborhood, a couple of corrupt cops frame him for homicide. CJ is forced on a journey that takes him across the entire state of San Andreas, to save his family and to take control of the streets.",93,8.8																		
Resident Evil 2, Xbox One,"January 25, 2019","In Resident Evil 2, the classic action, tense exploration, and puzzle solving gameplay that defined the Resident Evil series returns. Players join rookie police officer Leon Kennedy and college student Claire Redfield, who are thrust together by a disastrous outbreak in Raccoon City that transformed its population into deadly zombies. Both Leon and Claire have their own separate playable campaigns, allowing players to see the story from both characters’ perspectives. The fate of these two fan favorite characters is in players hands as they work together to survive and get to the bottom of what is behind the terrifying attack on the city. Will they make it out alive?",93,8.7																		
INSIDE, Xbox One,"June 29, 2016","Hunted and alone, a boy finds himself drawn into the center of a dark project. The second game from Limbo developer Playdead.",93,8.3																		
World of Warcraft, PC,"November 23, 2004","Four years have passed since the aftermath of Warcraft III: Reign of Chaos, and a great tension now smolders throughout the ravaged world of Azeroth. As the battle-worn races begin to rebuild their shattered kingdoms, new threats, both ancient and ominous, arise to plague the world once again. World of Warcraft is an online role-playing experience set in the award-winning Warcraft universe. Players assume the roles of Warcraft heroes as they explore, adventure, and quest across a vast world. Being ""Massively Multiplayer,"" World of Warcraft allows thousands of players to interact within the same world. Whether adventuring together or fighting against each other in epic battles, players will form friendships, forge alliances, and compete with enemies for power and glory. A dedicated live team will create a constant stream of new adventures to undertake, lands to explore, and monsters to vanquish. This content ensures that the game will never be the same from month to month, and will continue to offer new challenges and adventures for years to come. [Blizzard Entertainment]",93,7.4																		
Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas, PC,"June 7, 2005","Five years ago Carl Johnson escaped from the pressures of life in Los Santos, San Andreas... a city tearing itself apart with gang trouble, drugs and corruption. Where filmstars and millionaires do their best to avoid the dealers and gangbangers. Now, it's the early 90s. Carl's got to go home. His mother has been murdered, his family has fallen apart and his childhood friends are all heading towards disaster. On his return to the neighborhood, a couple of corrupt cops frame him for homicide. CJ is forced on a journey that takes him across the entire state of San Andreas, to save his family and to take control of the streets. [Rockstar]",93,8.9																		
Flipnote Studio, DS,"August 12, 2009","[DSiWare] Let your inner artist loose with Flipnote Studio, an easy to use and surprisingly powerful animation application. Create Flipnotes by using the stylus to write letters and draw pictures, capture sounds using the microphone, and even insert photos captured with the Nintendo DSi Camera. Save a Flipnote with multiple pages that run successively and you've just made an animated Flipnote that works like a flip book! And if you feel like sharing your masterpiece, send it to your Flipnote friends or, if you are a registered Hatena.com user, release it via Flipnote Hatena, an online service run by Japanese Web-service provider Hatena. With such a large set of tools available, you’ll quickly find that there are many ways to enjoy Flipnote Studio. [Nintendo]",93,7.5																		
World Soccer Winning Eleven 7 International, PlayStation 2,"February 17, 2004","Winning Eleven 7 International features 100 teams, 21 stadiums, new player models and key additions to the Master League. Winning Eleven 7 also utilizes a custom designed engine that allows for great flexibility and customization. Upon entering a match, players will find incredibly masterful gameplay, beautifully rendered stadiums and picture-perfect player models. While on the field, players will experience true-to-life gameplay, with carefully tuned A.I., realistic pace and balance. [Konami]",93,8.4																		
NBA 2K2, Dreamcast,"October 24, 2001","Exploit the defender with a lightning quick drop step move before you launch all out attack, finishing with an impressive dunk! With enhanced player performance such as this, the most renowned basketball game ever has been improved on all levels. Run the floor with new moves, exploit the new steal system then stand back in awe as you're put right behind the cameras in replay mode. With the addition of legendary urban playground courts, including the famous Mosswood Park, NBA2K2 is the true basketball experience.",93,7.4																		
SoulCalibur II, PlayStation 2,"August 27, 2003","A new page in history has begun as the most highly-anticipated fighting game ever finally arrives! The greatest 3-D weapons-based fighter will provide non-stop action, excitement and surprises as you go one-on-one against your favorite challengers. 13 historic fighters plus all new combatants including Necrid, specially designed by Todd McFarlane Productions, Inc. Unique special guest fighters for each platform include Link (GameCube), Heihachi (PS2), and Todd McFarlane's Spawn (Xbox). 7 exciting modes of play including Arcade, Vs, Time Attack, Survival, Team Battle, Practice, and Weapon Master. Collect 200 different weapons in the all-new mission-complete Weapon Master mode. [Namco]",92,8.7																		
The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim, PlayStation 3,"November 11, 2011","The next chapter in the Elder Scrolls saga arrives from the Bethesda Game Studios. Skyrim reimagines the open-world fantasy epic, bringing to life a complete virtual world open for you to explore any way you choose. Play any type of character you can imagine, and do whatever you want	 the legendary freedom of choice, storytelling, and adventure of The Elder Scrolls is realized like never before. Skyrim's new game engine brings to life a complete virtual world with rolling clouds, rugged mountains, bustling cities, lush fields, and ancient dungeons. Choose from hundreds of weapons, spells, and abilities. The new character system allows you to play any way you want and define yourself through your actions. Battle ancient dragons like you've never seen. As Dragonborn, learn their secrets and harness their power for yourself.",92,6.6																	
Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time, Xbox,"November 12, 2003","Embark on a journey of scorched sands and ancient legends. A young prince, drawn to the dark powers of a magic dagger, unleashes a deadly evil upon a beautiful kingdom. Guide the Prince on his quest to reverse the curse by using the Sands of Time, a power which allows you to erase the past, see into the future and slow down the present. Perform gravity-defying acrobatics and swashbuckling attacks in a staggering array of landscapes and kingdoms. Restore peace to the land and fulfill your destiny.",92,8.0																		
Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare, PC,"November 5, 2007","As Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare's single player campaign unfolds, the player is introduced to new gameplay at every turn – one moment you are fast-roping from your Black Hawk helicopter after storming into the war zone with an armada of choppers, the next you are a sniper, under concealment, in a Ghillie suit miles behind enemy lines, the next you are engaging hostiles from an AC-130 gunship thousands of feet above the battlefield. Mixed with explosive action, Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare also delivers special effects, including use of depth of field, rim-lighting, character self-shadowing, real time post-processing, texture streaming as well as physics-enabled effects. Infinity Ward deployed a dedicated team from the start to deliver a new level of depth to multiplayer. Building on the hit ""Call of Duty 2"" online experience, Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare's new multiplayer provides the community an addictive and accessible experience to gamers of all levels. [Activision]",92,8.5																		
Forza Horizon 4, Xbox One,"September 28, 2018","For the first time in the racing and driving genre, experience dynamic seasons in a shared open-world. Explore beautiful scenery, collect over 450 cars, and become a Horizon Superstar in historic Britain.",92,8.2																		
God of War III, PlayStation 3,"March 16, 2010","Set in the realm of brutal Greek mythology, God of War III is a single-player game which allows players to take on the climatic role of the ex-Spartan warrior, Kratos, as he scales through the intimidating heights of Mt. Olympus and the dark depths of Hell to seek revenge on those who have betrayed him. Armed with double-chained blades, and an array of new weapons and magic for this iteration of the trilogy, Kratos must take on mythology’s darkest creatures while solving intricate puzzles throughout his merciless quest to destroy Olympus. [SCEA]",92,8.8																		
Divinity: Original Sin II - Definitive Edition, Xbox One,"August 31, 2018","Set a thousand years after the first game, Divinity: Original Sin II presents a darker, more grounded narrative and expands on the tactical combat system of its award-winning predecessor. In Divinity: Original Sin, you were on a quest for the forbidden Source magic. Now, you yourself are a Sourcerer: a dangerously powerful individual whose abilities summon creatures from the encroaching Void. The Divine is dead and the Void is everywhere. Sourcerers are blamed and the Divine Order is leading the charge against the threat: you. Captured and sent to Fort Joy, you will be ""cured"" of your powers -- no matter the cost. But the Order has secrets of its own that may cast doubt on its so-called holy mission. As you escape from Fort Joy, you realize that if the world remains godless, it will be consumed by the Void.",92,7.7																		
NFL 2K3, GameCube,"August 21, 2002","NFL 2K3 upgrades Sega Sports' football series with realistic player animations, play-calling intelligence, and an on-the-fly audible system. With Franchise mode, you get total team control as player, coach, and general manager. A new ESPN broadcast system lets you review all the highlights from your games. Now you can track the best players, make the smartest trades, and build the most dominant team in the league. NFL 2K3 also brings you closer to the action with updated rosters and authentic stadiums.",92,7.1																		
SSX Tricky, PlayStation 2,"November 5, 2001","Second-generation rider physics provide more in-air and on-snow user control. Compete in the World Circuit, go head-to-head in the unique Showoff (trick) versions of nine courses on the World Circuit, or just kick it in Free Ride. New Garibaldi and Alaska courses let you get more vertical and catch more air, while all the original courses have some new surprises. [Electronic Arts]",92,8.8																		
NHL 2002, PlayStation 2,"September 24, 2001","The PlayStation 2 version features include Career Mode, allowing you to compete for the Stanley Cup for 10 consecutive years and build a true hockey dynasty. Also included are Quick Game, Season, Playoffs, Shootout, and Tournament modes. [EA Sports]",92,8.3																		
Guitar Hero II, Xbox 360,"April 3, 2007","Rock the Rhythm, Lead, and Bass Guitar tracks in the follow-up sequel to ""Guitar Hero."" Form your guitar duo and shred riffs cooperatively or go head to head in all new multiplayer modes. With over 55 tracks to rock out to, you'll go from Guitar Hero to Guitar god in one press of a fret button. Choose from multiple rock characters and jam at concert venues that grow in size as your rock career progresses. You'll start your rock career playing small clubs and bars, but if you play well you'll work your way up to stadiums and arenas. Guitar Hero II takes the guitar rock experience to new volumes by allowing players to play 3 different guitar tracks: Rhythm, Bass, and Lead. Guitar Hero II introduces all new multiplayer modes like: cooperative, pro-face off, and face off, letting 2 Guitar Heroes conduct their own symphonies of destruction. Shred School: Guitar Hero II features an all new practice mode, allowing Guitar Zeroes to become Guitar Heroes with enough practice. With Guitar Hero II for Xbox 360 rock rhythm, lead, or bass guitar tracks with downloadable content and the new X-Plorer controller, designed specifically for the Xbox 360. [RedOctane]",92,8.1																		
Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time, PlayStation 2,"November 6, 2003","Amidst the sands of ancient Persia, a young Prince unleashes a deadly evil. Embark on a harrowing quest to restore peace and the fabric of Time. Embody a legendary hero with gravity-defying acrobatics, ferocious fighting combos, and the ability to bend time to fulfill his bidding. Wield the power of the Sands of Time - a mythical force allowing the Prince to erase the past, behold the future, and freeze the present. You'll uncover the mysteries of a world never before explored in action-adventure gaming. Ancient Persia, mythical and deadly, holds a staggering array of landscapes and kingdoms to explore and conquer. [Ubi Soft]",92,8.8																		
Uncharted 3: Drake's Deception, PlayStation 3,"November 1, 2011","A search for the fabled ""Atlantis of the Sands"" propels fortune hunter Nathan Drake on a trek into the heart of the Arabian Desert. When the terrible secrets of this lost city are unearthed, Drake's quest descends into a desperate bid for survival that strains the limits of his endurance and forces him to confront his deepest fears.",92,8.4																		
Rock Band, Xbox 360,"November 20, 2007","Play together in your living room or across the world! Rock Band offers deep online functionality, allowing players to rock together whether they’re in Rhode Island or Reykjavik. Major record labels and leading music publishers have signed on to provide unrivaled access to master recordings and legendary rock artists – from punk, metal and alternative to classic and southern rock. Rock Band ships with 45 fearsome tracks from artists like Bon Jovi and The Ramones to Black Sabbath and Stone Temple Pilots. Full support for downloadable content delivers never-ending challenges. New content will be available every week. Download full albums for play with Rock Band including the iconic rock album 'Who's Next' by The Who. Metallica has signed on to offer several tracks as digitally-distributed game levels for Rock Band as well as ""Enter Sandman"" for the Rock Band ship disc. Create your own rock avatar! Mold a unique rocker using Rock Band's character creator. Chose from gender, body shape, face, hair, clothes, tattoos and signature moves. Don't forget to pick your specialized rockin’ instrument. Drumming in the spotlight! Showcase a real drum solo with Rock Band's freestyle drum fill windows featured in each song. Break out your own rhythm and style as anything goes! Vocalists can bring the crowd to their feet during Rock Band’s freestyle vocal fill windows. Ad-lib your own words or shout to the crowd to raise the rock intensity of the performance. Band mates can fail out of a song for poor performance, but the band still plays on. Rescue your failing mate by busting out signature moves and blistering solos to wow the crowd with showmanship. Earn bonus points for your band during Rock Band’s Unison Phrase opportunities if everyone plays perfectly. [Harmonix]",92,8.0																		
Journey, PlayStation 4,"July 21, 2015","The pioneers that brought you the award-winning PlayStation Network titles flOw & Flower are back with another title that challenges traditional gaming conventions. With Journey, thatgamecompany (TGC) continues its tradition of delivering simple gameplay and accessible controls in a rich interactive environment that invites players to explore and experience emotional chords that are still uncommon in video games. An exotic adventure with a more serious tone, Journey presents TGCs unique vision of an online adventure experience. Awakening in an unknown world, the player walks, glides, and flies through a vast and awe-inspiring landscape, while discovering the history of an ancient, mysterious civilization along the way. Journeys innovative approach to online play encourages players to explore this environment with strangers who cross their path from time to time. By traveling together, they can re-shape the experience creating authentic moments they will remember and discuss with others.",92,8.3																		
Bloodborne, PlayStation 4,"March 24, 2015","Bloodborne is an action RPG in which you hunt for answers in the ancient city of Yharnam, now cursed with a strange endemic illness spreading through the streets like a disease. Peril, death and madness infest this dark world, and you're tasked with uncovering its darkest secrets which will be necessary for you to survive. Armed with a singular arsenal of weaponry, including guns and saw cleavers, you'll require wits, strategy and reflexes to dispatch the agile and intelligent enemies that guard the city's underbelly. You will utility holy chalices to access an array of vast underground ruins, chock full of traps, beasts, and rewards, to explore and conquer on your own or with other people.",92,8.8																		
Eternal Darkness: Sanity's Requiem, GameCube,"June 23, 2002","This horror story spans generations, so you must relive the blood-soaked history while conjuring spells, solving puzzles, and slaying supernatural beasts. Whether you're creeping around as the Roman Centurion, Cambodian villager, or any of the other characters, the psychological thriller will challenge you to use your mind as well as your might. The story is historically based and features many significant real-world events and locations, including the blood-soaked fields of the Somme, the jungle-ridden temples of Angkor Wat, the deserts of Persia, and the haunted vales of Rhode Island.",92,8.7																		
Warcraft III: Reign of Chaos, PC,"July 3, 2002","[Metacritic's 2002 PC Game of the Year] It has been nearly fifteen years since the war between the orcs and humans ended. An uneasy peace settled over the land while, for years, the drums of war were silent. Yet the kingdoms of men grew complacent in their victory - and slowly, the defeated orcish clans regrouped under the banner of a new visionary leader. Now a darker shadow has fallen over the world, threatening to extinguish all life - all hope. The drums of war play upon the winds once again - rising urgently towards the inevitable hour when the skies will rain fire - and the world will tremble before the coming of the Burning Legion. The Day of Judgment has come... [Blizzard]",92,9.2																		
SSX 3, GameCube,"October 20, 2003","Drop in and conquer the massive, living mountain rife with ego-crushing challenges and gravity-bending thrills. SSX 3 returns with more slopes and all-new hazards to overcome including lightning storms, vertical drops, serpentine slopestyle courses and avalanches. Customize your rider's clothes, abilities, and moves. Pull off three levels of awesome ""Uber tricks."" Dominate the mountain, and then test your skills online. It's a long way down, so make sure you're ready for the challenge.",92,8.7																		
The Sims, PC,"February 4, 2000","In ""SimCity,"" you had the power to build and control cities ... with The Sims, you'll create and control people!",92,7.9																		
Banjo-Kazooie, Nintendo 64,"May 31, 1998","Trouble is brewing on Spiral Mountain! Gruntilda the witch, wildly jealous of Tooty the Honey Bear's good looks	 is determined to steal them for herself! But even as she whisks the helpless youngster off to her tower, Tooty's big brother Banjo and his loud-mouthed partner Kazooie are hot on the trail to rescue her...Aided by the mystical shaman Mumbo Jumbo, Banjo and Kazooie must tackle gloomy swamps, scorching deserts, towering mountain ranges and spooky haunted houses on their way to the final confrontation at the summit of Gruntilda's Lair.",92,9.1																	
Sid Meier's Gettysburg!, PC,"September 30, 1997","Experience victory in Sid Meier's Gettysburg! It's the most engrossing and sophisticated real-time strategy game ever. In a stunning 3D battlefield, you plan the tactics, lead the troops, and take history into your own hands. Attack from the trees to protect your brigade,rally around a General for a quicker recovery, entrench your troops as your cannons blast the hillside, and much, much more with just a click of the mouse! Complete multiplayer support via internet, LAN, modem and serial link. [Firaxis]",92,7.4																		
Celeste, Switch,"January 25, 2018","Help Madeline survive her journey to the top of Celeste Mountain in this super-tight, hand-crafted platformer from the creators of TowerFall.",92,8.6																		
Rock Band 2, Wii,"December 18, 2008","Rock Band 2 builds upon its foundation as the first music game to introduce co-operative band gameplay, multiple instruments, a robust online multiplayer experience, an unrivaled offering of downloadable content and raises the bar by delivering an entirely new level of depth, connectivity, authenticity and features including: Backwards compatibility with Rock Band downloadable music content. All previously purchased tracks immediately load into your Rock Band 2 song list. No need to re-purchase or re-download. The biggest and most diverse soundtrack ever featuring some of rock's most prolific acts, comprised entirely of master recordings. Major new and dynamic online modes that connect the entire Rock Band community in more ways than ever before both locally and globally. More variety of instrument choices than ever before with new and improved drum and guitar peripherals, enhanced functionality and innovative new designs - all fully compatible with the original Rock Band instruments. [MTV]",92,7.2																		
Forza Motorsport, Xbox,"May 3, 2005","Forza Motorsport lets you own, customize, and race your favorite cars. You can collect models from more than 60 manufacturers and then race to earn money for upgrades and aftermarket parts. Test-drive your vehicle on various tracks, ranging from the challenging Nurburgring Nordschleife to the streets of Rio de Janeiro. You can even train your own ""Drivatars"" to use the same racing techniques you do, so they can race for you in competitions or train new drivers on your team. In addition to single-player challenges, the game includes multiplayer modes that are playable via Xbox Live.",92,7.6																		
Madden NFL 2004, Xbox,"August 12, 2003","In its 14th season, Madden NFL Football isn't showing signs of slowing down. Madden NFL 2004 adds new features such as Playmaker Control and Owner Mode to it's deepen its football simulation. This year, players can make adjustments after the snap and create championship caliber plays with the easy-to-use Playmaker Control. The new Owner mode allows you build and manage your own stadium in addition to your own team. Compete against other players through EA Sports Online Tournaments. With new plays, modes, and online play, Madden NFL 2004 is the most complete, authentic installment in the series yet.",92,7.6																		
Super Street Fighter IV, PlayStation 3,"April 27, 2010","The follow-up to Street Fighter IV further redefines the fighting game genre with classic 2D Street Fighter fighting action, a host of new and returning characters, more advanced online gameplay, new ultra combos and much more. Super Street Fighter IV features the full roster of 25 characters from Street Fighter IV such as Ryu, Ken, Crimson Viper, Abel, El Fuerte, and Rufus, while adding about eight characters new to the world of Street Fighter IV. The impressive new roster includes classic combatants from previous Street Fighter games like T. Hawk as well as all-new characters such as the mysterious and deadly female fighter, Juri. Super Street Fighter IV adds new Ultra Combos and advancements to the state of the art online matchmaking and online gameplay introduced in Street Fighter IV with numerous additional features. Super Street Fighter IV takes many of the groundbreaking features introduced in Street Fighter IV and refines everything to deliver the ultimate vision of Street Fighter to fans the world over. [Capcom]",92,7.8																		
World Soccer Winning Eleven 7 International, PC,"April 9, 2004","Winning Eleven 7 International features 100 teams, 21 stadiums, new player models and key additions to the Master League. Winning Eleven 7 also utilizes a custom designed engine that allows for great flexibility and customization. Upon entering a match, players will find incredibly masterful gameplay, beautifully rendered stadiums and picture-perfect player models. While on the field, players will experience true-to-life gameplay, with carefully tuned A.I., realistic pace and balance. [Konami]",92,6.9																		
Advance Wars, Game Boy Advance,"September 9, 2001","The battle lines have been drawn, and an elite group of sly strategists are massing troops at your borders. You'll have to command ground, air and naval forces if you hope to survive the coming wars, and it won't be easy. With 114 maps to battle on and both Single-Pak and Multi-Pak link modes, Advance Wars brings turn-based strategy to a depth never before seen on a handheld!",92,8.9																		
Vagrant Story, PlayStation,"May 15, 2000","Relive an adventurous tale rich with agents, espionage, and conspiracies. Challenge deadly monsters and villains with your steel and magic. Clear your name by uncovering a sinister plot -- or perish in the attempt.",92,9.0																		
What Remains of Edith Finch, Xbox One,"July 19, 2017",What Remains of Edith Finch is a collection of short stories about a cursed family in Washington State.,92,7.9																		
Team Fortress 2, PC,"October 10, 2007","Team Fortress 2 (TF2) is the sequel to the game that put class-based, multiplayer team warfare on the map. TF2 delivers new gametypes, a signature art style powered by Valve’s next generation animation technology, persistent player statistics, and more. Unlike other ""class-based"" games that offer a variety of combat classes only, Team Fortress 2 packs a wild variety of classes which provide a broad range of tactical abilities and personalities, and lend themselves to a variety of player skills. Play as the flame-throwing Pyro, the room clearing Heavy, or the Spy, a master of disguises. Other classes include: Scout, Sniper, Medic, Engineer, Demoman, or Soldier. TF2 features the most advanced graphics of any Source-based game released to date – and the most exciting class-based action ever created. [Valve]",92,9.0																		
System Shock 2, PC,"August 11, 1999","Like System Shock 1, there will be persistent levels (i.e., drop an item on one level, and you could go back later to retrieve it), gameplay elements like logs, inventory, skills, persistent world, leaning, hacking, rpg elements, multiple weapons and enemies, and a compelling storyline. Unlike most other first person shooters, the purpose of System Shock was not to kill everything in sight	 nor was it a ""find the key to move onto the next level"" game. The plot was always present, but not so confining as in traditional shooters - there was almost always more than one task to accomplish. Levels were realistically designed and had logical reasons behind them. It is the principle of System Shock 2 to continue this game design. [sshock2.com]",92,9.1																	
Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory, PC,"March 28, 2005","The year is 2008. Information Warfare has evolved into the most dangerous threat to global stability. You are Sam Fisher, Third Echelon's most skilled Splinter Cell operative. You are assigned to execute a hazardous series of operations to investigate and eliminate a new source of information attacks, originating in North Korea. To succeed, you will employ a host of unconventional counterintelligence activities to gather intel, disrupt enemy operations and neutralize adversary targets. As Information Warfare evolves, so must the Splinter Cell. You must penetrate deeper into hostile territory and operate undetected, closer to the enemy than ever before. At your disposal is a lethal array of tactics ranging from Combat Knife techniques, experimental prototype weapons skills, and more radical hand-to-hand techniques such as the Inverted Chokehold. Experience the thrill of acting as a lone operative fighting tomorrow's threats in the field, and of cooperating online with a partner to accomplish crucial missions. Die in action, and the free world dies with you. Never-before-seen graphics technology offers the best visuals ever to appear on any platform. Advanced physics engine allows rag doll physics, particle effects and perfect interaction with the environment. The most complete arsenal of weapons and gadgets, from the combat knife to experimental prototype combat systems. Totally open level design with multipaths and optional secondary objectives. [Ubisoft]",92,8.7																		
Final Fantasy XII, PlayStation 2,"October 31, 2006","The story takes place in a world called ""Ivalice,"" in an age when magic was commonplace and airships plied the skies - the Archadian Empire, seeking to strengthen its base of power, had been invading and subjugating its neighboring lands one by one- a fate which befell the small Kingdom of Dalmasca. Archadia's invasion and the subsequent death of the Dalmascan king prompted the Princess Ashe, the sole surviving heir to the Dalmascan throne, to take up arms against the invaders. In her struggle to oust the occupying Archadian forces and restore freedom to her people, Ashe must watch as many of her allies pay the blood price for that freedom. Though tempted to abandon all hope in the face of the Empire's might, her determination keeps her from succumbing before what would seem to be inevitable defeat. Then she meets Vaan, an urchin from the Dalmascan capital of Rabanastre. Vaan dreams of one day becoming a sky pirate, escaping the Empire on his airship. Vaan, Ashe, Vaan's friend Penelo, the sky pirate Balthier, his partner Fran and many more are on an adventure through Ivalice that traces the mysteries behind the Archadian Empire's invasion. Bringing with it a wide array of new gameplay elements, Final Fantasy XII will change the way players think about the Final Fantasy series. Numerous possibilities abound within each scenario, allowing for a less linear, more unique experience for each player. The game also supports Dolby Pro Logic II both in-game and during movie sequences, immersing the player in the middle of the action. [Square Enix]",92,7.6																		
Undertale, PlayStation 4,"August 15, 2017","Welcome to UNDERTALE. In this RPG, you control a human who falls underground into the world of monsters. Now you must find your way out... or stay trapped forever. ((Healthy Dog's Warning: Game contains imagery that may be harmful to players with photosensitive epilepsy or similar condition.)) features: * Killing is unnecessary: negotiate out of danger using the unique battle system. * Time your attacks for extra damage, then dodge enemy attacks in a style reminiscent of top-down shooters. * Original art and soundtrack brimming with personality. * Soulful, character-rich story with an emphasis on humor. * Created mostly by one person. * Become friends with all of the bosses! * At least 5 dogs. * You can date a skeleton. * Hmmm... now there are 6 dogs...? * Maybe you won't want to date the skeleton. * I thought I found a 7th dog, but it was actually just the 3rd dog. * If you play this game, can you count the dogs for me...? I'm not good at it.",92,7.1																		
Madden NFL 2003, GameCube,"August 12, 2002","The game of football just got more real with Madden NFL 2003. This year's installment of the Madden NFL Football series features more depth, new animation, realistic player AI, and in-depth play modes. Hop on John Madden's Cruiser Tour Bus and travel to all NFL cities to complete skilled tasks in the all-new Mini-Camp mode. The improved graphics and presentation now show sidearm QBs, gang-tackling, stand-still receiver catches, and more than 300 realistic player faces. Madden NFL 2003 gives you more control than ever before, with faster game speed, a more finely tuned passing game, and independent audibles for defensive line, linebackers, and defensive backs.",92,7.6																		
The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt, PlayStation 4,"May 19, 2015","With the Empire attacking the Kingdoms of the North and the Wild Hunt, a cavalcade of ghastly riders, breathing down your neck, the only way to survive is to fight back. As Geralt of Rivia, a master swordsman and monster hunter, leave none of your enemies standing. Explore a gigantic open world, slay beasts and decide the fates of whole communities with your actions, all in a genuine next generation format. Also known as ""The Witcher III: Wild Hunt""",92,9.2																		
Super Mario World: Super Mario Advance 2, Game Boy Advance,"February 9, 2002","Mario hasn't even had a chance to savor his victory in the original Super Mario Advance, and already he's back for more in Super Mario World: Super Mario Advance 2. This game is a re-creation of the Super NES classic Super Mario World, featuring every last secret exit and all 74 levels of platform-jumping action. Once again, Princess Peach has been kidnapped by the ever-diabolical Bowser, and Mario and Luigi set out on a massive adventure to rescue her. As either Mario or Luigi, you'll solve puzzles, shoot fireballs, fly, and discover the hidden secrets in Dinosaur Island.",92,9.0																		
ESPN NFL 2K5, Xbox,"July 20, 2004","ESPN NFL 2K5 kicks off the football season with an improved ESPN presentation, a variety of player moves, and more. Now you can perform all-new moves during an entire season, while earning points to customize your crib with different items. The game also features new modes, including ESPN 25th Anniversary mode, where you can play in classic NFL situations over the past 25 years. First-Person Football mode returns with new camera switching, improved audio, passing control options, and more.",92,8.1																		
Super Smash Bros. Melee, GameCube,"December 2, 2001","Nintendo's all-star cast of combatants is back in Super Smash Bros. Melee, along with a new batch of brawlers ready to tear it up. The sequel to Super Smash Bros. keeps the same basic premise: Characters duke it out in interactive environments, using special attacks and various items to knock each other into the abyss. Some new defensive techniques add an even deeper level of complexity to the combat. In addition to traditional battle royale matches, players can select all-new ways to play like Coin mode and Tournament mode.",92,9.1																		
Madden NFL 2003, Xbox,"August 12, 2002","The game of football just got more real with Madden NFL 2003. This year's installment of the Madden NFL Football series features more depth, new animation, realistic player AI, and in-depth play modes. Hop on John Madden's Cruiser Tour Bus and travel to all NFL cities to complete skilled tasks in the all-new Mini-Camp mode. The improved graphics and presentation now show sidearm QBs, gang-tackling, stand-still receiver catches, and more than 300 realistic player faces. Madden NFL 2003 gives you more control than ever before, with faster game speed, a more finely tuned passing game, and independent audibles for defensive line, linebackers, and defensive backs.",92,7.3																		
Virtua Tennis, Dreamcast,"June 8, 2000","Imagine how a tennis player feels when he enters the arena, the crowd is cheering, the atmosphere electric, the adrenaline rushes... Well now you can with Virtua Tennis, the most lifelike and playable tennis game ever! Play as one of eight licensed players and uncover the secret stars. As well as the traditional arcade mode you can play in the exhibition mode, with 4 player action via doubles play. Once you're mastered these modes take on the world in the world circuit mode, with unique training games, different challenges and shops to buy clothing, equipment, stages and playing partners. Virtua Tennis - so realisitc you can almost taste the strawberries and cream.",92,8.4																		
Rome: Total War, PC,"September 22, 2004","Rome: Total War is the next generation in epic strategy gaming from the critically acclaimed and award winning Total War brand. The aim of the game is to conquer, rule and manipulate the Roman Empire with the ultimate goal of being declared as the ""Imperator"" of Rome. Set in a time when the mighty Roman Empire emerged to conquer the known world against powerful enemies	 when gladiators fought to a bloody death in the Coliseum	 when Spartacus defied the might of the empire	 when Hannibal led his invincible army and his war elephants across the Alps to strike fear into the very heart of Rome itself	 and when Julius Caesar finally smashed the Barbarian Gauls. This was a time of brutal confrontation between civilisation and barbarism, and of civil war as the ancient world's only superpower turned on itself. A completely new Total War engine uses innovative technology and groundbreaking design to bring the world of ancient Rome to life to deliver the biggest and most cinematic battles ever seen in a videogame. So the battles in Rome: Total War maintain the epic scale that fans of Total War are used to, but now use high-detailed 3D polygonal troops and allows huge cities to be displayed on the battlefields. The result is truly spectacular. [Activision]",92,9.0														
Forza Motorsport 3, Xbox 360,"October 27, 2009","Whether it's an exotic sports car like the new Audi R8 V10, a classic American muscle car such as the Ford GT, or a hot Asian import such as the Nissan 370Z, everyone has a dream car. The game makes it possible for everyone to experience the thrill of owning the world's most exotic and exquisite cars. Live the most realistic racing experience ever as you take the wheel of more than 400 of the most-beloved cars on over 100 renowned real-world tracks and exotic road courses from around the globe. With breathtaking HD graphics and the most advanced vehicle performance modeling in a video game, Forza Motorsport 3 includes a host of driving assists and adjustable skill levels to make the game a gripping pick-up-and-play experience for audiences of all ages and skill levels. [Microsoft]",92,8.1																		
Demon's Souls, PlayStation 5,"November 12, 2020","From PlayStation Studios and Bluepoint Games comes a remake of the PlayStation classic, Demon’s Souls. Entirely rebuilt from the ground up and masterfully enhanced, this remake introduces the horrors of a fog-laden, dark fantasy land to a whole new generation of gamers. Those who’ve faced its trials and tribulations before, can once again challenge the darkness in stunning visual quality and incredible performance. In his quest for power, the 12th King of Boletaria, King Allant channelled the ancient Soul Arts, awakening a demon from the dawn of time itself, The Old One. With the summoning of The Old One, a colorless fog swept across the land, unleashing nightmarish creatures that hungered for human souls. Those whose souls were stripped from them, lost their minds – left only with the desire to attack the sane that remained. Now, Boletaria is cut off from the outside world, and the knights who dare penetrate the deep fog to free the land from its plight, are never seen again. As a lone warrior who has braved the baneful fog, you must face the hardest of challenges to earn the title “Slayer of Demons” and send The Old One back to its slumber.",92,8.0																		
Okami HD, PC,"December 12, 2017","In Okami, the player takes the role of the mythical sun goddess Amaterasu, in the form of a wolf. Her task is to restore color (or 'life') to the world by destroying the monsters who have stolen it. Since Amaterasu is a diety, there are naturally people who worship her and people who don't. The more people who worship her (as a result of her restoring color and doing other good deeds for them), the more powerful she becomes.",92,7.9																		
Undertale, PC,"September 15, 2015","Welcome to UNDERTALE. In this RPG, you control a human who falls underground into the world of monsters. Now you must find your way out... or stay trapped forever.",92,8.4																		
Batman: Arkham Asylum, Xbox 360,"August 25, 2009","In Batman: Arkham Asylum, the player assumes the role of Batman as he delivers The Joker to Arkham Asylum. There, the imprisoned super-villains have set a trap and an immersive combat gaming experience unfolds. With an original script penned by Emmy Award-winning Batman writer Paul Dini, the game brings the universe of DC Comics' detective to life with stunning graphics. Batman: Arkham Asylum offers players the chance to battle Gotham's worst villains with Batman's physical and psychological strength in a graphically distinct and story-driven game. [Eidos Interactive]",92,8.7																		
Super Mario Sunshine, GameCube,"August 25, 2002","When Mario, Peach, and an entourage of Peach's loyal Toad friends set out for a tropical vacation on lovely Isle Delfino, they're in store for much more than a relaxing holiday. A mustachioed maniac has mucked up the entire island, and Mario is accused of committing the crime. Armed with a hi-tech water cannon called FLUDD (Flash Liquidizer Ultra Dousing Device), Mario sets out to clean the island, clear his name, and solve the mystery of the villainous vandal. With new enemies, moves, and surprises, Super Mario Sunshine offers plenty of challenges.",92,8.4																		
SSX 3, Xbox,"October 20, 2003","Drop in and conquer the massive, living mountain rife with ego-crushing challenges and gravity-bending thrills. SSX 3 returns with more slopes and all-new hazards to overcome including lightning storms, vertical drops, serpentine slopestyle courses and avalanches. Customize your rider's clothes, abilities, and moves. Pull off three levels of awesome ""Uber tricks."" Dominate the mountain, and then test your skills online. It's a long way down, so make sure you're ready for the challenge.",92,8.3																		
SoulCalibur II, Xbox,"August 27, 2003","Open the next chapter in world of Soul Calibur. Soul Calibur II features seven distinctive gameplay modes including: Arcade, Versus, Time Attack, Survival, Team Battle, Practice, and the console exclusive Weapon Master. Collect up to 200 different weapons and battle characters with their own styles, strengths, and abilities. In addition to the 13 fighters, each platform has unique special fighters: Link for GameCube, Heihachi for PS2, and Spawn for Xbox. Prove yourself through soul and sword.",92,8.8																		
Tony Hawk's Pro Skater, PlayStation,"August 31, 1999","Skate as legendary Tony Hawk, or as one of nine top pros. Work your way up the ranks by landing suicidal tricks in brutal competitions to become the highest-ranked skate champ.",92,8.8																		
Thief: The Dark Project, PC,"November 30, 1998","Sneak through the shadows of 12 treacherous missions including haunted cathedrals, subterranean ruins, and forbidding prisons, in a dark and sinister city. Stalk your prey on the quest for stolen goods with your blackjack, sword and an assortment of unique arrows. Steal for money and uncover the hidden agendas of your allies and enemies as you play through an unravelling story of deception and revenge. Survive in a world where shadows are your only ally, trust is not an option, and confrontation results in death! [Eidos Interactive]",92,9.0																		
Fire Emblem: Awakening, 3DS,"February 4, 2013","Lead an army of soldiers in a series of scaled turn-based strategy battles. In the process, develop relationships with your team, utilizing their special abilities on the battlefield to gain victory and advance the story, which features a wide array of characters from a variety of nations and backgrounds. They can be joined by a character of your making, with a unique appearance crafted as you see fit.",92,9.0																		
Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings, PC,"September 30, 1999","Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings is the sequel to the award-winning, best-selling real-time strategy game ""Age of Empires."" Age of Empires II spans a thousand years, from the fall of Rome through the Middle Ages in which players lead one of 13 civilizations into greatness. The game keeps the epic scope of Age of Empires' game play while evolving the combat and economic features. [Microsoft]",92,9.1																		
Final Fantasy X, PlayStation 2,"December 17, 2001",Final Fantasy's first game on the Playstation 2 is the first to use voice acting and a massive leap in the cinematic approach to storytelling. Stop reading and go play.,92,8.9																		
Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time, GameCube,"November 18, 2003","Embark on a journey of scorched sands and ancient legends. A young prince, drawn to the dark powers of a magic dagger, unleashes a deadly evil upon a beautiful kingdom. Guide the Prince on his quest to reverse the curse by using the Sands of Time, a power which allows you to erase the past, see into the future and slow down the present. Perform gravity-defying acrobatics and swashbuckling attacks in a staggering array of landscapes and kingdoms. Restore peace to the land and fulfill your destiny.",92,8.1																		
The Walking Dead: A Telltale Games Series, Xbox 360,"April 27, 2012","Based on Robert Kirkman's award-winning comic book series, The Walking Dead is about a world devastated by an undead apocalypse and the horrifying choices you're forced to make to survive. Assume the role of Lee Everett, a convicted criminal, who has been given a second chance at life in a world devastated by the undead. With corpses returning to life and survivors stopping at nothing to maintain their own safety, protecting an orphaned girl named Clementine may offer you redemption in a world gone to hell.",92,8.6																		
Unreal Tournament (1999), PC,"November 30, 1999","The stakes are high. On the one hand, fame, fortune, glory	 on the other hand, death. Prove your skill in the arenas of the future, leading your team of computer-controlled ""bots"" to victory in the Grand Tournament, or compete with the best of the best via LAN or the Internet in seat-of-your-pants battles. While Unreal Tournament offers the finest in classic ""Deathmatch"" play, right out of the box you can compete in Team Deathmatch or Capture the Flag. Control strategic points on the map to rack up your score in Domination, or test your skills in Assault, as one team defends its base from the other. Each game type comes with its own special maps and rules, for never-ending variety and challenge. Add gameplay mutators such as Jump Match or InstaGib, and Unreal Tournament will keep your wits honed to a razor edge. [Infogrames]",92,9.0																	
Sid Meier's Alpha Centauri, PC,"February 12, 1999","Legendary designer Sid Meier presents the next evolution in strategy games, with the most addictive, compelling gameplay yet. Explore the alien planet that is your new home and uncover its myriad mysteries. Discover over 75 extraordinary technologies. Build over 60 base upgrades and large-scale secret projects for your empire. Conquer your enemies with a war machine that you design from over 32,000 possible unit types. [Firaxis]",92,8.8																		
Wave Race 64, Nintendo 64,"November 1, 1996","Wave Race 64 is sure to provide some of the most exciting racing you've ever experienced. Feel the pounding and crashing of the waves as you accelerate into straight-aways, whip around the marker buoys and go airborne on the jump ramps. Don't race alone - challenge a friend! Take control in three different modes of play - Championship, Time Trials and Stunt Mode. Nine challenging courses set in exotic locales - race conditions change and the wave action responds to the way both you and your opponents race!",92,8.3																		
Divinity: Original Sin II - Definitive Edition, PlayStation 4,"August 31, 2018","Set a thousand years after the first game, Divinity: Original Sin II presents a darker, more grounded narrative and expands on the tactical combat system of its award-winning predecessor. In Divinity: Original Sin, you were on a quest for the forbidden Source magic. Now, you yourself are a Sourcerer: a dangerously powerful individual whose abilities summon creatures from the encroaching Void. The Divine is dead and the Void is everywhere. Sourcerers are blamed and the Divine Order is leading the charge against the threat: you. Captured and sent to Fort Joy, you will be ""cured"" of your powers -- no matter the cost. But the Order has secrets of its own that may cast doubt on its so-called holy mission. As you escape from Fort Joy, you realize that if the world remains godless, it will be consumed by the Void.",92,7.9																		
Galactic Civilizations II: Twilight of the Arnor, PC,"April 30, 2008","The galaxy is being consumed by the fires of war as we enter the final act of the Dread Lord saga. Galactic Civilizations II: Twilight of the Arnor is the second expansion pack to the award-winning PC strategy game, Galactic Civilizations II. Galactic Civilizations II: Twilight of the Arnor expands the gameplay of Galactic Civilizations in all new ways. New campaign detailing the final chapter in the Dread Lords wars. The Terror Star arrives, capable of destroying any star. Unique technology trees for all 12 civilizations. Unique planetary improvements for each civilization. New 3D engine powered map editor. New Scenario Editor for creating highly detailed custom games. New Campaign Editor for players who want to create their own custom epic campaigns for themselves or to share with others. New Metaverse Tournaments: Specific maps & scenarios recorded to the Metaverse with prizes for top players. [Stardock]",92,8.2																		
Super Smash Bros. for Wii U, Wii U,"November 21, 2014",Duke it out with your favorite Nintendo characters in Super Smash Bros. for the Nintendo Wii U.,92,8.9																		
Guitar Hero II, PlayStation 2,"November 7, 2006","Rock the Rhythm, Lead, and Bass Guitar tracks in the follow-up sequel to ""Guitar Hero."" Form your guitar duo and shred riffs cooperatively or go head to head in all new multiplayer modes. With over 55 tracks to rock out to, you'll go from Guitar Hero to Guitar god in one press of a fret button. Choose from multiple rock characters and jam at concert venues that grow in size as your rock career progresses. You'll start your rock career playing small clubs and bars, but if you play well you'll work your way up to stadiums and arenas. Guitar Hero II takes the guitar rock experience to new volumes by allowing players to play 3 different guitar tracks: Rhythm, Bass, and Lead. Guitar Hero II introduces all new multiplayer modes like: cooperative, pro-face off, and face off, letting 2 Guitar Heroes conduct their own symphonies of destruction. Shred School: Guitar Hero II features an all new practice mode, allowing Guitar Zeroes to become Guitar Heroes with enough practice. [RedOctane]",92,8.5																		
Final Fantasy VII, PlayStation,"September 3, 1997","An epic adventure across 3 cd-roms. What begins as a rebellion against an evil corporation becomes much more. And what erupts goes beyond imagination. With vivid landscapes, lush 3D animation and environments, Square Soft's multi-million dollar masterpiece is like nothing ever seen before.",92,9.1																		
Rock Band, PlayStation 3,"November 20, 2007","Play together in your living room or across the world! Rock Band offers deep online functionality, allowing players to rock together whether they’re in Rhode Island or Reykjavik. Major record labels and leading music publishers have signed on to provide unrivaled access to master recordings and legendary rock artists – from punk, metal and alternative to classic and southern rock. Rock Band ships with 45 fearsome tracks from artists like Bon Jovi and The Ramones to Black Sabbath and Stone Temple Pilots. Full support for downloadable content delivers never-ending challenges. New content will be available every week. Download full albums for play with Rock Band including the iconic rock album 'Who's Next' by The Who. Metallica has signed on to offer several tracks as digitally-distributed game levels for Rock Band as well as ""Enter Sandman"" for the Rock Band ship disc. Create your own rock avatar! Mold a unique rocker using Rock Band's character creator. Chose from gender, body shape, face, hair, clothes, tattoos and signature moves. Don't forget to pick your specialized rockin’ instrument. Drumming in the spotlight! Showcase a real drum solo with Rock Band's freestyle drum fill windows featured in each song. Break out your own rhythm and style as anything goes! Vocalists can bring the crowd to their feet during Rock Band’s freestyle vocal fill windows. Ad-lib your own words or shout to the crowd to raise the rock intensity of the performance. Band mates can fail out of a song for poor performance, but the band still plays on. Rescue your failing mate by busting out signature moves and blistering solos to wow the crowd with showmanship. Earn bonus points for your band during Rock Band’s Unison Phrase opportunities if everyone plays perfectly. [Harmonix]",92,8.1																		
Chrono Trigger, DS,"November 25, 2008","[Metacritic's 2008 DS Game of the Year] When a newly developed teleportation device malfunctions at the Millennial Fair, young Crono must travel through time to rescue his unfortunate companion from an intricate web of past and present perils. The swashbuckling adventure that ensues soon unveils an evil force set to destroy the world, triggering Crono's race against time to change the course of history and bring about a brighter future. Features an engaging and unparalleled storyline, leading to the discovery of multiple epic conclusions to a journey that transcends time. An inspiring musical score created by Yasunori Mitsuda. Intriguing battle system made possible by the unique combination of the Active Time Battle system and Tech skills. Famed character designer Akira Toriyama lends his signature art style to create the vibrant world that has captivated gamers around the world. Taking advantage of the Nintendo DS hardware, CHRONO TRIGGER makes its way onto the portable platform with all-new dual screen presentation and Touch-Screen functionality. A brand new dungeon and a Wireless Play mode adds exciting new dimensions to this timeless classic. [Square Enix]",92,9.1																		
Bayonetta 2, Switch,"February 16, 2018","In this climatic sequel to the critically acclaimed Bayonetta action game, players will be on the edge of their seats from start to finish. Brimming with epic, gorgeous cut scenes and battles that are more exhilarating than ever, this game never lets up on the action. Fight on top of a jet as it soars through a downtown city. Duke it out against a giant angel, who bears a whip for an arm, on top of a speeding train. And take to the skies in a fight against a demonic monster while ascending to the top of a skyscraper.",92,8.5																		
Journey, PlayStation 3,"March 13, 2012","Enter the world of Journey, the third game from indie developers thatgamecompany (creators of ""flOw"" and ""Flower""). Journey is an interactive parable, an anonymous online adventure to experience a person’s life passage and their intersections with other’s. You wake alone and surrounded by miles of burning, sprawling desert, and soon discover the looming mountaintop which is your goal. Faced with rolling sand dunes, age-old ruins, caves and howling winds, your passage will not be an easy one. The goal is to get to the mountaintop, but the experience is discovering who you are, what this place is, and what is your purpose. Travel and explore this ancient, mysterious world alone, or with a stranger you meet along the way. Soar above ruins and glide across sands as you discover the secrets of a forgotten civilization. [thatgamecompany]",92,8.8																		
Xenoblade Chronicles, Wii,"April 6, 2012","Xenoblade Chronicles throws you into a universe bursting with imagination. Take hold of an ancient sword that offers glimpses of the future, customise your characters extensively and discover a world where your relationships with others matter.",92,9.1																		
Conker's Bad Fur Day, Nintendo 64,"March 4, 2001","The day after his 21st birthday bash, Conker's sporting the worst hangover ever, and he just can't seem to find his way home. Prepare to stagger through randy, raunchy, raucous scenarios crammed full of bad manners, twisted humor, and graphic bodily functions. Unless you're a fan of violence, foul language, and racy innuendo, you'd best steer clear of this one.",92,8.9																		
Medal of Honor, PlayStation,"October 31, 1999","Tomorrow is D-Day. Tonight you land behind enemy lines. The tide of the way is in your hands. You are an elite Special Forces agent sent to execute covert operations, search and rescue missions, and commando raids. Fight to win the medal of Honor in the only game that lets you take on Nazis in WWII.",92,8.7																		
PaRappa the Rapper, PlayStation,"October 31, 1997",Help Parappa rap with the best of the master rappers and straight into Sunny's heart. Guaranteed you'll be singin' and dancin' along with Parappa and his pals to the most fun of mixes.,92,7.5																		
Rock Band 2, Xbox 360,"September 14, 2008","Rock Band 2 builds upon its foundation as the first music game to introduce co-operative band gameplay, multiple instruments, a robust online multiplayer experience, an unrivaled offering of downloadable content and raises the bar by delivering an entirely new level of depth, connectivity, authenticity and features including: Backwards compatibility with Rock Band downloadable music content. All previously purchased tracks immediately load into your Rock Band 2 song list. No need to re-purchase or re-download. The biggest and most diverse soundtrack ever featuring some of rock's most prolific acts, comprised entirely of master recordings. Major new and dynamic online modes that connect the entire Rock Band community in more ways than ever before both locally and globally. More variety of instrument choices than ever before with new and improved drum and guitar peripherals, enhanced functionality and innovative new designs - all fully compatible with the original Rock Band instruments. [MTV]",92,8.2																		
Mario Kart 8 Deluxe, Switch,"April 28, 2017","Race and battle your friends in the definitive version of Mario Kart 8. Hit the road with the definitive version of Mario Kart 8 and play anytime, anywhere! Race your friends or battle them in a revised battle mode on new and returning battle courses. Play locally in up to 4-player multiplayer in 1080p while playing in TV Mode. Every track from the Wii U version, including DLC, makes a glorious return. Plus, the Inklings appear as all-new guest characters, along with returning favorites, such as King Boo, Dry Bones, and Bowser Jr. Race your friends in the definitive version of Mario Kart 8, only on Nintendo Switch. Race as every character on every track from the Wii U version, including DLC characters and tracks. Pop some balloons in the revamped Battle mode, complete with Balloon Battle and Bob-omb Blast. Battle on new courses, like Urchin Underpass and Battle Stadium, or returning ones, such as GCN Luigi's Mansion and SNES Battle Course 1. Inkling Girl & Inkling Boy from Splatoon, King Boo, Dry Bones, and Bowser Jr. join the roster. Players can choose a new Smart Steering feature which makes driving and staying on the track easy for novice players and kids even at 200cc. Three new vehicles have been added, two are even inspired by Splatoon. Carry two items at the same time. Returning items include Boo, the item stealing ghost, and the Feather, which gives you a high jump in battle mode. Play your friends in local wireless multiplayer with up to 8 players. Drive through in 1080p HD quality in TV mode. Play on the go with handheld mode and play anytime, anywhere.",92,8.6																		
The ICO & Shadow of the Colossus Collection, PlayStation 3,"September 27, 2011",This collection provides HD and 3D updates for PS2 classics Ico and Shadow of the Colossus.,92,8.7																		
Rayman Origins, Wii,"November 15, 2011","Rayman's new adventure is a two-dimensional cooperative platformer with a colorful, whimsical art style.",92,8.6																		
Metroid Prime 2: Echoes, GameCube,"November 15, 2004","The sequel to Metroid Prime puts you in the role of bounty hunter Samus Aran once again. Your mission is to locate federation troopers who are missing on Aether--a planet torn into light and dark domains. To help you travel through the depths of light and dark, you'll have all-new beam weapons, a screw attack, and power-ups. Eliminate your enemies, solve puzzles, and open doors in an effort to restore peace to Aether. Metroid Prime 2: Echoes also features competitive multiplayer modes supporting up to four players.",92,8.8																		
Out of the Park Baseball 17, PC,"March 22, 2016","Step into the shoes of a team owner, GM, and/or field manager to own the future or rewrite the past of your favorite real-world club. Start a new career with 2016 Opening Day rosters of the real major or minor leagues, or span through 150 years of history and run any club from the past! Perform drafts, trades, scouting, waivers, team finances and personnel. Negotiate player contracts. Dive into the more hands-on management and set your team's lineups, pitching staffs, and in-game strategy. You can oversee your league at a high level, or play out each game, managing play by play or even pitch by pitch!",92,3.3																		
Metroid Fusion, Game Boy Advance,"November 17, 2002","While lending mission support on planet SR388, interstellar bounty hunter Samus Aran is attacked by an X parasite, an organism with the ability to mimic the abilities of any creature it infects. Near death, Samus is saved by a vaccin made from the DNA of the last Metroid--the X parasite's only natural predator. When the X spread to a research station in orbit around SR388, a weakened Samurs is forced to exterminate them all...or die trying.",92,9.1																		
The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt - Blood and Wine, PC,"May 30, 2016","This expansion pack is an old-school add on with 20 hours of new adventures, where players will travel to the land of Toussaint.",92,9.3																		
Final Fantasy VI Advance, Game Boy Advance,"February 5, 2007","This title are more than a simple port of the SNES classic — every aspect of the games has been reviewed and enhanced. Additionally, a host of brand-new elements has been seamlessly merged with the original game, providing unexpected surprises for longtime fans. With new dungeons, new job classes, and other exciting features, both old-school players and newcomers can enjoy this genre-defining FINAL FANTASY title in a portable format.",92,8.7																		
Rayman Legends, Wii U,"September 3, 2013","Rayman, Globox, and the Teensies are off wandering through an enchanted forest when they discover a mysterious tent filled with a series of captivating paintings. As they look more closely, they notice each painting seems to tell the story of a mythical world. While focusing on a painting that shows a medieval land, they are suddenly sucked into the painting, entering the world, and the adventure begins. The gang must run, jump and fight their way through each world to save the day and discover the secrets of every legendary painting. Rayman Legends takes full advantage of the Wii U and its new GamePad’s capabilities. Use the touch screen to take out enemies, manipulate platforms, cut ropes to clear a path and much more. With the gyroscope technology, you can move rotating platform and there are many more surprises to come.",92,8.8																		
Dragon Quest XI S: Echoes of an Elusive Age - Definitive Edition, Xbox One,"December 4, 2020","The Definitive Edition includes all the content from the original release of the acclaimed DRAGON QUEST XI, and adds extra character-specific scenarios, the choice of playing with the original soundtrack or a grand orchestral version of the music, the ability to switch between 2D and 3D graphic modes, a Japanese voice-acting option, and much more.",92,8.4																		
Tiger Woods PGA Tour 2003, PC,"October 31, 2002","New course lineup: Twelve detailed courses include Pebble Beach Golf Links, TPC of Scottsdale and Torrey Pines South. New effects: Feel the sun, the wind, the fog and the grass as you walk 18. The most PGA TOUR pros: Play as or against Tiger Woods, Ty Tryon, Vijay Singh, Brad Faxon and many others. TrueSwing technology: Take full control over your swing, from straight drives to hooks and draws. Career mode: Purchase new equipment and lessons, hone your skills, and make your way to the top of the career rankings. [EA Sports]",92,5.0																		
Madden NFL 2005, Xbox,"August 9, 2004","Madden NFL 2005 introduces the Hit Stick, a new feature that lets players turn a game around with a crucial tackle. Along with all-new defensive preplay controls and defensive artificial intelligence enhancements, the defense now has a diverse arsenal of weapons available. Also, the depth of Franchise mode grows with the addition of Storyline Central, a weekly radio talk show that discusses current stories regarding your team and the league. With even more Franchise mode additions, hundreds of new animations, and the new Create-a-Fan feature, Madden NFL 2005 takes the series to the next level.",91,7.2																		
Super Street Fighter IV, Xbox 360,"April 27, 2010","The follow-up to Street Fighter IV further redefines the fighting game genre with classic 2D Street Fighter fighting action, a host of new and returning characters, more advanced online gameplay, new ultra combos and much more. Super Street Fighter IV features the full roster of 25 characters from Street Fighter IV such as Ryu, Ken, Crimson Viper, Abel, El Fuerte, and Rufus, while adding about eight characters new to the world of Street Fighter IV. The impressive new roster includes classic combatants from previous Street Fighter games like T. Hawk as well as all-new characters such as the mysterious and deadly female fighter, Juri. Super Street Fighter IV adds new Ultra Combos and advancements to the state of the art online matchmaking and online gameplay introduced in Street Fighter IV with numerous additional features. Super Street Fighter IV takes many of the groundbreaking features introduced in Street Fighter IV and refines everything to deliver the ultimate vision of Street Fighter to fans the world over. [Capcom]",91,7.7																		
Pac-Man Championship Edition DX, PlayStation 3,"November 23, 2010","PAC-MAN Championship Edition DX continues to uphold NAMCO BANDAI's tradition of enhancing a classic franchise for today's gamer. Building upon PAC-MAN Championship Edition’s original six courses, the new game features more than 100 varied and mind-boggling mazes to navigate. Several new modes will also be available to test a player's pellet-munching aptitude. In Time Attack Mode, players will vie for the quickest clear time. Fulfill a series of objectives in Mission Mode or compete to devour the most number of ghosts gobbled in Ghost Mode.",91,7.9																		
Rock Band 2, PlayStation 3,"October 19, 2008","Rock Band 2 builds upon its foundation as the first music game to introduce co-operative band gameplay, multiple instruments, a robust online multiplayer experience, an unrivaled offering of downloadable content and raises the bar by delivering an entirely new level of depth, connectivity, authenticity and features including: Backwards compatibility with Rock Band downloadable music content. All previously purchased tracks immediately load into your Rock Band 2 song list. No need to re-purchase or re-download. The biggest and most diverse soundtrack ever featuring some of rock's most prolific acts, comprised entirely of master recordings. Major new and dynamic online modes that connect the entire Rock Band community in more ways than ever before both locally and globally. More variety of instrument choices than ever before with new and improved drum and guitar peripherals, enhanced functionality and innovative new designs - all fully compatible with the original Rock Band instruments. [MTV]",91,8.0																		
Dark Souls II, Xbox 360,"March 11, 2014","Prepare to die... Again. Dare yourself to engage against intense gameplay in a vast world powered by a new engine. Immerse yourself into mind-bending environments filled with new twisted monsters and deadly bosses. A vast array of threats will prey on human senses & phobias - auditory hallucinations, vertigo, acrophobia, etc. More intricate customization options provide weapons and armor tailoring to player style. [Namco Bandai Games]",91,7.9																		
Dishonored, PC,"October 8, 2012","Approach each assassination with your own unique style. Use shadow and sound to your advantage to traverse silently through levels unseen by enemies, or attack foes head-on as they react to your aggression. The malleable combat system allows you to creatively synthesize your abilities, supernatural powers and gadgets as you negotiate your way through the levels and dispatch your targets. Improvise and adapt to define your modus operandi.",91,8.5																		
ESPN NFL Football, PlayStation 2,"September 3, 2003","ESPN NFL Football brings the complete NFL experience. Whether it's by making an opponent lose his shorts from a stop-and-go juke, by scraping your toes down as you make an acrobatic first-down catch along the sideline, or by piling on top of a swarming gang tackle on fourth and short -- you will truly feel everything that makes the National Football League so intense. Don't look. Don't listen. Feel.",91,8.5																		
Medal of Honor: Allied Assault, PC,"January 20, 2002","As Lt. Mike Powell, member of the famed 1st Ranger Battalion, you'll battle through over 20 levels based on historical military campaigns of World War II. Fire period weapons and command authentic war vehicles as you silence the gun batteries at Port Arzew, survive the Omaha Beach landing, and more. [Electronic Arts]",91,8.5																		
Myth: The Fallen Lords, PC,"October 31, 1997","Myth is arguably the first real-time strategy game to put the player in a true 3D landscape, with an emphasis on tactical battlefield action rather than base construction. Myth also happens to be one of Bungie's most successful pre-Halo releases, and shows off the company's range and ability in genres outside of first-person shooters. A single player mode features an engrossing and enjoyable plot, with you battling the evil and eponymous Fallen Lords, their evil leader, Balor and all manner of undead creatures, but Myth's multiplayer is where it really stands out. Bungie.net's game-matching technology has been much-emulated since, and at Myth's release, was something truly special. Multiple game modes including King of the Hill, Steal the Bacon and even co-op added huge variety to what was an outstanding and standard-setting game - and it still is. If ever an older game deserved another visit, it's Myth, with a huge, loyal and highly motivated following. [Bungie]",91,8.5																		
LittleBigPlanet 2, PlayStation 3,"January 18, 2011",Media Molecule and Sony Europe are already working on a follow-up to their critically acclaimed platformer.,91,8.6																		
INSIDE, Switch,"June 28, 2018","Hunted and alone, a boy finds himself drawn into the center of a dark project.",91,8.6																		
Microsoft Flight Simulator, PC,"August 18, 2020","From light planes to wide-body jets, fly highly detailed and accurate aircraft in the next generation of Microsoft Flight Simulator. Test your piloting skills against the challenges of night flying, real-time atmospheric simulation and live weather in a dynamic and living world.",91,7.2																		
Psychonauts 2, Xbox One,"August 25, 2021","Razputin Aquato, trained acrobat and powerful young psychic, has realized his life long dream of joining the international psychic espionage organization known as the Psychonauts! But these psychic super spies are in trouble. Their leader hasn't been the same since he was kidnapped, and what's worse, there's a mole hiding in headquarters. Raz must use his powers to stop the mole before they execute their secret plan--to bring the murderous psychic villain, Maligula, back from the dead.",91,5.5																		
Guitar Hero, PlayStation 2,"November 7, 2005","Strap on your Guitar Hero SG controller, plug-in, and CRANK IT UP. Guitar Hero creates all the sensations of being a rock star, as you rock out to 30 of the greatest rock anthems of all time and more. Soundtrack includes songs as made famous by such legendary artists as the Red Hot Chili Peppers, David Bowie, Boston, Sum 41, Ozzy Osbourne, Audioslave, White Zombie, Franz Ferdinand, and The Ramones. So kiss that air guitar goodbye and get ready to rock. Features over 30 of the greatest rock songs of all-time. 4 difficulty levels (Easy, Medium, Hard, and Expert). 6 venues that range from basement parties to sold out stadiums. 8 different characters that each offer their own look and unique style of playing, from metal head to classic rocker. Two-player mode that offers tons of multiplayer fun. [Red Octane]",91,8.6																		
World of Warcraft: Wrath of the Lich King, PC,"November 13, 2008","Players last visited Northrend in ""Warcraft III: The Frozen Throne,"" when Arthas Menethil fused with the spirit of Ner’zhul to become the Lich King, one of the most powerful beings in the Warcraft universe. He now broods atop the Frozen Throne deep in Icecrown Citadel, clutching the rune blade Frostmourne and marshaling the undead armies of the Scourge. In Wrath of the Lich King, the forces of the Alliance and the Horde venture into battle against the Scourge amid Northrend’s howling winds and fields of jagged ice. Wrath of the Lich King adds a rich variety of content to an already massive game. New features in the game’s second expansion include: Death Knight Hero Class: Create a high-level Death Knight character -- the game’s first hero class -- once certain challenges have been met. Increased Level Cap: Advance to level 80 and gain potent new talents and abilities along the way. Northrend: Explore the harsh new continent of Northrend, packed with new zones, quests, dungeons, monsters, and items -- and do battle with the undead armies of the Lich King. ""Inscription"" Profession: Learn this exciting new profession and gain unique ways to permanently enhance spells and abilities in the game. Siege Weapons and Destructible Buildings: Take the battle to another level with new player-vs.-player game mechanics and new battlefields to wage war on. New Character Customization: Change how characters look and express themselves, with different hairstyles and dance animations. [Blizzard Entertainment]",91,7.9																		
Rock Band 3, Wii,"October 26, 2010",Rock Band returns with the third iteration of the popular music game featuring new songs and instruments.,91,6.9																		
Metroid Prime Trilogy, Wii,"August 24, 2009","Metroid Prime 3: Corruption set a new standard for first-person motion controls in video games. Now it’s bringing those controls to the rest of the celebrated series, allowing players to experience the entire Metroid Prime story arc with the precision of the Wii Remote. Metroid Prime Trilogy, is a three-game collection for the Wii console that bundles all three landmark Metroid Prime games onto one disc and revamps the first two installments with intuitive Wii Remote controls, wide-screen presentation and other enhancements. Each game maintains its original storyline and settings, but now Metroid Prime and Metroid Prime 2: Echoes let players use their Wii Remote to aim with precision as heroine Samus Aran. Based on the breakthrough control system that debuted in Metroid Prime 3: Corruption, these new Wii controls bring an entirely new level of immersion and freedom to these milestone games. Players can access the game they want from a unified main menu that ties together all three adventures. Through a new unlockables system, players can gain access to in-game rewards such as music and artwork by accomplishing objectives across all three games. [Nintendo]",91,9.0																		
Overwatch, PC,"May 23, 2016","Overwatch is a highly stylized team-based shooter set on earth in the near future. Every match is an intense multiplayer showdown pitting a diverse cast of soldiers, mercenaries, scientists, adventurers, and oddities against each other in an epic, globe-spanning conflict.",91,6.5																		
F1 Challenge '99-'02, PC,"June 24, 2003","Cutting-edge technology brings you the most accurate representation of Formula One to date. High-resolution car models include details right down to the very last shut line. Circuits include real life structures, helicopters, airplanes, panoramic skies, animated grid girls, motion captured pit crews, and even bumps in the track surface as they exist in reality. The glossy team-themed user interface puts you in the game and tracks your performance as a real life driver competing against the likes of world champion drives such as Damon Hill, Jacques Villeneuve, Mika Hakkinen, and Michael Schumacher. [Electronic Arts]",91,7.6																		
Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 4, GameCube,"October 23, 2002","Drop into the ultimate challenge. In the next chapter in the Tony Hawk series, pros challenge you to make your mark in huge free-roaming levels, taking on 190 progressively harder goals with no time limits to hold you back. Decide when you're ready to take on your Pro Challenge and move into the pro ranks, where it's a whole new game. Build your skills, perform all-new tricks, play up to eight players online, and show that you've got what it takes to go Pro.",91,8.4																		
Madden NFL 2001, PlayStation 2,"October 23, 2000","EA Sports steps up to the challenge of Sega's ""NFL2k1"" with mind-blowing graphics and innovative ""Madden Cards"" -- Upper Deck creations purchased with tokens earned by completing in-game challenges which can be used as power-ups during the game. Match up all current NFL teams as well as great teams from the past in Season, Franchise, or Practice modes.",91,7.5																		
Baldur's Gate, PC,"December 21, 1998","Baldur's Gate takes you back to the Forgotten Realms on a visually dazzling role-playing adventure, one that brings to life the grand tradition of Advanced Dungeons & Dragons through cutting edge art and technology. Immerse yourself in this quintessential medieval fantasy world, where entire nations hang in the balance of your actions, dark prophecies test your resolve, and heroic dreams can be fulfilled at last. [Interplay]",91,8.9																		
Bayonetta 2, Wii U,"September 20, 2014","In this climatic sequel to the critically acclaimed Bayonetta action game, players will be on the edge of their seats from start to finish. Brimming with epic, gorgeous cut scenes and battles that are more exhilarating than ever, this game never lets up on the action. Fight on top of a jet as it soars through a downtown city. Duke it out against a giant angel, who bears a whip for an arm, on top of a speeding train. And take to the skies in a fight against a demonic monster while ascending to the top of a skyscraper.",91,8.9																		
The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt, Xbox One,"May 19, 2015","With the Empire attacking the Kingdoms of the North and the Wild Hunt, a cavalcade of ghastly riders, breathing down your neck, the only way to survive is to fight back. As Geralt of Rivia, a master swordsman and monster hunter, leave none of your enemies standing. Explore a gigantic open world, slay beasts and decide the fates of whole communities with your actions, all in a genuine next generation format.",91,9.2																		
Rock Band 3, PlayStation 3,"October 26, 2010",Rock Band returns with another iteration of the popular music game featuring new songs and instruments.,91,8.1																		
Klonoa 2: Lunatea's Veil, PlayStation 2,"July 25, 2001","The sequel to 1997's sleeper platformer hit ""Klonoa: Door to Phantomile"" finds our floppy-eared, baseball cap-wearing hero collecting dream stones and over-inflating his enemies with air bullets while protecting the dream world of Lunatea in this ""2-D style"" action game.",91,8.6																		
IL-2 Sturmovik, PC,"November 18, 2001","Fly 31 types of Russian, German and American planes. Engage in air-to-air and air-to-ground battles. Multiplay with up to 32 players in dogfight and 16 players in cooperative missions. Use custom paint schemes, squadron nose art, numbering on wings, and national markings for each plane. [Ubi Soft]",91,8.7																		
Mario Tennis, Nintendo 64,"August 28, 2000","All of your favorite characters hit the court in a wild and wacky multiplayer tennis game from the makers of Mario Golf. Mario, Luigi, Bowser, Peach, Toad, and Donkey Kong lead off the all-star, 14-player line-up. The fast-paced action will have you unleashing vicious volleys, life-saving lobs, ballistic backhands and electrifying super-charged smashes!",91,8.8																		
FreeSpace 2, PC,"September 30, 1999","The year is 2367. Thirty-two years have passed since the Great War. As Terrans and Vasudans struggle to rebuild their civilizations, civil war erupts in the Polaris system. A rogue Terran admiral declares war against the Vasudans, threatening the stability of the Alliance. Without warning, the Shivans return, and Terrans and Vasudans face annihilation at the hands of their Great War nemesis. [Interplay]",91,8.7																		
Colony Wars, PlayStation,"October 31, 1997",Delivers the real experience with its spectacular cinematic graphics.,91,8.3																		
Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain, PC,"September 1, 2015","The Soviet invasion of Afghanistan has brought a new edge to the Cold War, and in 1984, a one-eyed man with a prosthetic arm appears in the country. Those who know him call him Snake	 the legendary mercenary who was once swept from the stage of history and left in a coma by American private intelligence network Cipher. Snake is accompanied by Ocelot, an old friend who saved him from attack when he finally awoke. Now, Snake's former partner Kazuhira Miller is being held by the Soviet forces in Afghanistan. Snake must undertake a solo mission to rescue Miller and prove to the world that the legendary mercenary is not dead and gone. That first step will lead to a path of vengeance against the very Cipher that slaughtered so many of Snake's men, and to a battle that will embroil the whole world... What started in Ground Zeroes must finish with ""V"".",91,7.8																	
Ratchet & Clank: Up Your Arsenal, PlayStation 2,"November 3, 2004","(Also known as ""Ratchet & Clank 3"") The third installment of the Ratchet & Clank franchise incorporates new elements of gameplay not seen previously in the series, including online and offline multiplayer capabilities that will appeal to a wide variety of players. Ratchet and Clank: Up Your Arsenal returns gamers to Planet Veldin, the setting of the original Ratchet & Clank, where the duo set off on a gripping new adventure through a multitude of diverse planets to fight for galactic peace. Players will be able to earn up to 20 weapons (including online and offline) with up to four levels of upgrades for most weapons, plus new high-tech gadgets to help them through their journey. [SCEA]",91,9.1																		
Resident Evil (2002), GameCube,"April 30, 2002","Raccoon City has been completely overrun by mutant beasts and bloodthirsty zombies. You are a member of S.T.A.R.S.--a rescue squad sent into the community to investigate the ominous mansion at the core of the disaster. Take the role of operative Jill Valentine or Chris Redfield and uncover the secrets behind a radical, genetic research facility. With an array of weapons to master and horrors around every corner, the ultimate test may be just to make it out alive.",91,9.2																		
FIFA Soccer 10, PlayStation 3,"October 20, 2009","On the pitch, critical gameplay fundamentals have been enhanced to ensure that FIFA Soccer 10 mirrors real-world soccer, providing more sophisticated ball control, and physical interaction between players. In addition, players now move, behave and position themselves more realistically. On attack, players analyze space more effectively, curve their runs in an attempt to stay onside, create passing lanes naturally, and drive for more variety in attacking options. On defense, new concepts like position priority enable defenders to multitask so dangerous spaces left open by teammates out of position are covered. Plus, slide tackle targeting, press marking, and better-urgency clearance logic provide new options that make defending a tactical skill in FIFA Soccer 10. In goal, a myriad of improvements and refinements to goalkeeper intelligence result in a more responsive and powerful rushing system and ultra-realistic saves. Better balance on lofted through balls, improved goalkeeper intelligence, more realistic shooting mechanics with less shots hitting the goal posts, a practice arena to perfect skills, and a more immersive soccer experience through continuous play and quick free kicks are just a few of the issues raised by fans and addressed in FIFA Soccer 10. Three new innovations revealed today at E3 have been developed to change the player control experience in FIFA Soccer 10. The first-ever true 360 degree dribbling system gives players finer control of the ball, enabling them to find spaces between defenders that previously were not possible. Using an all-new animation technology, skilled dribblers now have the ability to face the defender and use highly responsive lateral dribbling to skip past him. An innovative concept called Freedom in Physical Play enables players to perform wider dribble touches and new collision sharing creates a varied, less predictable, and extended fight for possession between the dribbler and a defender. FIFA Soccer 10 also features a deeper iteration of the ever-popular Manager Mode with more than 50 major improvements, including new match realism, realistic player transfers based on multiple decision points, and true-to-life player growth curves. [Electronic Arts]",91,7.6																		
Assassin's Creed II, PlayStation 3,"November 17, 2009","Assassin's Creed II is the product of over two years of intensive development by the original creative team behind the Assassin's Creed brand. In a vast open world environment, the game invites players to incarnate Ezio, a privileged young noble in Renaissance Italy who's been betrayed by the rival ruling families of Italy. Ezio's subsequent quest for vengeance plunges players into an epic story that offers more variety in missions, surprising and engaging new gameplay elements, diverse weapons and a profound character progression that appeal to fans of the original Assassin's Creed as well as entice players new to the brand. [Ubisoft]",91,8.7																		
Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater, PlayStation 2,"November 17, 2004","In the struggle to achieve world peace and world dominance, rivaling governments are secretly developing weapons technology that could threaten the future existence of life. Destined to be the first, a race ensues to become the ultimate nation. A special elite tactical soldier is summoned to penetrate deep in the heart of enemy territory and obtain intel about ""Metal Gear,"" a prototype weapon with nuclear capabilities. This is your mission and you must infiltrate alone. Interactive environments where traps catch enemies and prey. Rely on camouflage, combat, hunting and instincts to survive. Set in the 1960s where politics and war are shaping real world history. Blockbuster musical score composed by Harry Gregson-Williams. [Konami]",91,9.2																		
Dragon Quest XI S: Echoes of an Elusive Age - Definitive Edition, Switch,"September 27, 2019","Dragon Quest XI: Echoes of an Elusive Age tells a captivating tale of a hunted hero and is the long-awaited role-playing game from series creator Yuji Horii, character designer Akira Toriyama and composer Koichi Sugiyama. While it is the eleventh mainline entry in the critically acclaimed series, Dragon Quest XI is a completely standalone experience that features entirely new characters, a beautifully detailed world, finely tuned turn-based combat, and an immersive story that will appeal to long-time fans and franchise newcomers alike. A young man, about to participate in his village's coming of age ceremony, travels to a Sacred Stone alongside his childhood friend. After a series of unexpected events, this intrepid adventurer learns he is the reincarnation of a legendary hero from a forgotten age. The young hero sets forth into an unknown world on a journey to unravel the mystery of his past... but the welcome he receives is far from warm. Upon revealing his identity to the King, the hero is branded as ""The Dark spawn"" and hunted by a relentless army. Fleeing from his pursuers, the hero assembles a band of endearing adventurers who believe he is actually The Luminary reborn. The hero and his newfound companions embark on a quest that will take them across continents and over vast oceans as they learn of an ominous threat facing the world.",91,8.9																		
Twisted Metal: Black, PlayStation 2,"June 18, 2001","The original designers are back for the fifth game in the ""Twisted Metal Series,"" THE car-combat game cruising at a FAST 60 frames per second, featuring the mysterious Calypso who once again tempts inmates from a local metal hospital to compete in a tournament of automotive mayhem.",91,8.4																		
Spyro: Year of the Dragon, PlayStation,"October 23, 2000","Thieves have kidnapped a brood of dragon eggs, while, elsewhere in the Dragon Lands, a gateway to the Forgotten World has been uncovered. Sent to recapture the eggs, Spyro the Dragon, and his best friend Sparx, face a journey into uncharted territory against his most fearsome enemy yet - the Sorceress! All new playable characters, frantic challenges and new exciting worlds to explore - the Year of the Dragon begins here!",91,8.9																		
Tomb Raider, PlayStation,"November 15, 1996","Climb, swim, and backflip your way through a maze of cryptic deathtraps so realistic you can practically smell the decaying flesh. Unload an arsenal of lethal firepower on any wild-dog, giant lizard or blood-thirsty mercenary that gets in your way. Your mission is the deadliest one to date -- the recovery of the fabled Scion, an incredible treasure reputed to give its possessor vast power. Get ready to cross the globe to take on impossible odds while exploring Incan ruins, Ancient Rome, Egyptian Pyramids, and the Lost City of Atlantis...",91,8.4																		
Overwatch, Xbox One,"May 23, 2016","Overwatch is a highly stylized team-based shooter set on earth in the near future. Every match is an intense multiplayer showdown pitting a diverse cast of soldiers, mercenaries, scientists, adventurers, and oddities against each other in an epic, globe-spanning conflict.",91,5.9																		
Factorio, PC,"August 14, 2020","Factorio is a game about building and creating automated factories to produce items of increasing complexity, within an infinite 2D world. Use your imagination to design your factory, combine simple elements into ingenious structures, and finally protect it from the creatures who don't really like you.",91,9.1																		
Sekiro: Shadows Die Twice, Xbox One,"March 22, 2019","Your death won’t come easily. Enter the world of late 1500s Sengoku Japan	 a brutal, bloody period of constant life-and-death conflict. As tensions rise, a compelling new story unfolds amongst the chaos. Introducing Sekiro: Shadows Die Twice, a dark and twisted new gameplay experience developed by the renowned team at FromSoftware and published by Activision. Directed by Hidetaka Miyazaki, Sekiro: Shadows Die Twice is a third-person, action-adventure game with RPG elements. The single-player game puts players in the protagonist role of a hard-hearted warrior whose mission is to rescue his master, a young lord, and exact revenge on his arch nemesis. As “Sekiro,” or the “one-armed wolf,” players discover the many ways to strategically approach combat and engage enemies. [Activision]",91,8.7																	
Resident Evil 4: Wii Edition, Wii,"June 19, 2007","Resident Evil 4 comes to the Wii with added Wii Remote and Nunchuck support, allowing players to immerse themselves in the game as never before. With RE4 Wii Edition, Capcom is offering new and more immersive sense of control to players, while keeping all of the game's incredible game systems intact. As Leon Kennedy, players explore a town overrun by cultists, mutants and mind-controlled villagers, using the Wii Remote to aim, fire, slash and avoid oncoming adversaries with intuitive motions and movements. RE4 Wii Edition also contains the additional content included in the PlayStation 2 computer entertainment system version of the game. [Capcom]",91,8.9																		
Shadow of the Colossus, PlayStation 2,"October 18, 2005","(Also known as ""Wanda and the Colossus"" or ""Wanda to Kyozou"" in Japan) In Shadow of the Colossus, players take the role of a young man seeking the truth of an ancient tale of power hidden in a mystical land. Shadow of the Colossus is a majestic journey through ancient lands to seek out and destroy gigantic mythical beasts. With a trusty horse at your side, players explore the spacious lands and unearth each Colossi. The uneasy task of defeating a Colossus relies on intelligent puzzle solving and action oriented gameplay. Armed with strong wits, a mystical sword and a sturdy bow, players use cunning and strategy to topple each behemoth. [Sony]",91,9.1																		
Forza Horizon 3, Xbox One,"September 23, 2016","You are now in charge of the Horizon Festival. Customize everything, hire and fire your friends, and explore Australia in over 350 of the world’s greatest cars. Make your Horizon the ultimate celebration of cars, music, and freedom of the open road. How you get there is up to you. With the new Horizon Blueprint feature, you have the power to create and instantly share your custom gameplay. You can even hire friends to star in your festival and win you more fans. If they’re not winning you fans, fire them. Danger Sign Jumps, Convoys, Drift Zones, and Showcase events that pit you and against a fleet of speedboats, a giant zeppelin, and more. Select your own driver character, customize your cars, create vanity license plates – even choose your own horn sound. Drive to the music you love choosing from eight diverse radio stations, or create a custom station using your own music collection. In addition to 12-player online free roam and multiplayer racing, all-new 4-player online co-op allows you and your friends to enjoy the variety, competition, and rewards of a Horizon campaign together for the first time. [Xbox.com]",91,8.0																		
Peggle, PlayStation 3,"November 19, 2009","[Playstation Network] The PlayStation Network edition of Peggle brings all the compelling gameplay action of the original PC version, including 55 levels of ball-bouncing madness, 10 unlockable Peggle Masters, Quick Play mode, Duel mode, and 75 Challenge mode levels. For non-stop competitive action, players can choose from two multiplayer options: two-player Duel mode, or Peg Party mode, where up to four players can compete against one another simultaneously. [PopCap Games]",91,7.3																		
The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time / Master Quest, GameCube,"February 28, 2003","The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time Master Quest is a special version of Ocarina of Time that wasn't released for the N64 in North America. Both games were exclusively available for the Nintendo GameCube to those who preordered The Legend of Zelda: The Wind Waker at a participating retailer. The Master Quest version of Ocarina of Time contains the same overall storyline as the original Ocarina of Time adventure. However, the dungeons have been upgraded to be truly challenging, even to a Zelda master.",91,8.9																		
Borderlands 2, PlayStation 3,"September 18, 2012","Play as one of four new vault hunters facing off against a massive new world of creatures, psychos and the evil mastermind, Handsome Jack. Make new friends, arm them with a bazillion weapons and fight alongside them in 4 player co-op or split-screen on a relentless quest for revenge and redemption across the undiscovered and unpredictable living planet.",91,8.2																		
Sonic Mania Plus, Switch,"July 17, 2018","Sonic Mania Plus is the definitive retail enhanced version of the original Sonic Mania's digital release, presented in a pristine collectible physical release. The encore pack is a $5 upgrade fee for owners of the original game.",91,8.1																		
Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell, PC,"February 19, 2003","Infiltrate terrorists' positions, acquire critical intelligence by any means necessary, execute with extreme prejudice, and exit without a trace! You are Sam Fisher, a highly trained secret operative of the NSA's secret arm: Third Echelon. The world balance is in your hands, as cyber terrorism and international tensions are about to explode into WWIII. [Ubi Soft]",91,8.5																		
Dead Cells, Xbox One,"August 7, 2018","Dead Cells puts you in control of a failed alchemic experiment trying to figure out what's happening on a sprawling, ever-changing and seemingly cursed Island. Tough but fair combat, responsive controls, challenging foes, permadeath and of course, the emergency panic roll to get you out of trouble, make for a demanding, visceral and cathartic action game. Experience a roguevania, mixing an interconnected world, branching paths and unlockable skills with the constant adrenaline-pumping threat of permadeath. No checkpoints. You either vanquish the final boss in one go, or you try again. However, you keep some of your progress for successive runs	 new paths you've unlocked, access to new levels, mutations, abilities and weapons. Speaking of weapons, Dead Cells features a plethora of ways to slay your enemies. A large variety of swords, bows and of course spells, but also whips, grenades and turrets, each one with its own unique twist. Plus, mutations and scrolls allow you to build and customize your character differently with each and every run. At the end of the day though, it's your skills as a player that matter most! Roguelites are about constantly sharpening your skills, until what was an insurmountable obstacle becomes a walk in the park. Patience, you'll get better! ... eventually. FEATURES: * Roguevania: The progressive exploration of an interconnected world, with the replayability of a rogue-lite and the adrenaline pumping threat of permadeath. * 2D Souls-lite Action: Tough but fair combat, the iconic dodge roll, more than 90 weapons and spells with unique gameplay... The unforgiving action wed to the absence of any kind of safety net makes for an adrenalin pumping ride each and every run. * Nonlinear Progression: Sewers, Ossuary or Ramparts? Once unlocked, special permanent abilities allow you to access new paths to reach your objective. Opt for the path that suits your current build, your play style, or just your mood. * Exploration: Secret rooms, hidden passages, charming landscapes. Take a moment to stroll the towers and breath in that fresh sea mist infused air.",91,8.1																	
Kentucky Route Zero - Act III, PC,"May 6, 2014","Kentucky Route Zero is a magical realistic adventure game about a secret highway in the caves beneath Kentucky, and the mysterious folks who travel it.",91,6.6																		
NCAA Football 2003, PlayStation 2,"July 20, 2002","The College Game: Feel all the pageantry with over 200 fight songs, 3D cheerleaders, and 117 Division I-A schools. My Favorite Team: Personalize the game interface based on your team's fight song, mascot, logos, and school colors. Build A Dynasty: Create your own school and schedule, recruit star athletes, and redshirt developing players to build a national powerhouse. Rivalry Mode: Beat your school's archrival and win one of 23 coveted trophies. Trophy Room: Display up to 59 total trophies including conference championships and individual player awards. [EA Sports]",91,8.4																		
Crysis, PC,"November 13, 2007","Crysis is a next-generation PC first-person shooter from Crytek, the award-winning developers of ""Far Cry."" It is 2020, and global tensions have reached boiling point as the U.S. and North Korea square off in the South China Sea. At stake: a mysterious artifact uncovered by a team of U.S. archeologists. The North Korean government quickly seizes the area, prompting the U.S. to dispatch an elite team of Delta Force operatives on a rescue mission. During the siege the true nature of the artifact quickly emerges, pointing to the existence of an alien presence on Earth, and ultimately the trigger for a massive-scale alien invasion. The battle to save Earth begins as the aliens' flash freeze the tropics into a ghostly-white frozen landscape. As gamers take up arms against the aliens, they will be outfitted with customizable weapons and a high tech Nanosuit, allowing them to adapt their tactics and abilities to a hostile, ever-changing environment and a mysterious enemy. [Electronic Arts]",91,8.1																		
Ninja Gaiden, Xbox,"March 2, 2004","Ninja Gaiden first debuted in the 1988 and now the young ninja returns. As Ryu Hayabusa, you seek revenge after the Vigor Empire massacres your clan. Skilled in battle actions and ninja moves, you are well prepared to hunt down the Holy Emperor and reclaim the magic sword ""Ryuken."" Ninja Gaiden features killer gameplay, stunning graphics, and new weapons such as the Dragon Sword, warhammer, shurikens, and nunchakus. Plus, there are massive levels filled with enemies and Xbox Live feature will enable future high score tournaments and downloadable content.",91,8.8																		
God of War: Chains of Olympus, PSP,"March 4, 2008","[Metacritic's 2008 PSP Game of the Year] Unleash the power of the Gods and embark on a merciless quest as Kratos, an ex-Spartan warrior driven to destroy Ares, the God of War. Armed with lethal double chainblades, Kratos must carve through mythology's darkest creatures including Medusa, Cyclops, the Hydra and more, while solving intricate puzzles in breathtaking environments. Driven by pure revenge, nothing can stop Kratos from achieving absolution. [SCEA]",91,8.6																		
Final Fantasy XIV: Shadowbringers, PlayStation 4,"July 2, 2019","Take part in the next saga of FINAL FANTASY® XIV Online with the next legendary expansion pack—SHADOWBRINGERS. New jobs: Gunbreaker and Dancer New races: Viera and Hrothgar Level cap increased: 70 to 80 New cities: The Crystarium and Eulmore Journey through expansive new areas, such as the Rak’tika Greatwood, Amh Araeng, Il Mheg and Lakeland. New trails, including harrowing encounters with Titania and Innocence. New beast tribes: pixies, Nu Mou, and dwarves New 8-player raid: Eden An exciting new series of alliance raids YoRHa:Dark Apocalypse The Restoration of the Holy See of Ishgard - In the aftermath of the Dragonsong War, Disciples of the Hand and Land work together to rebuild Ishgard",91,8.4																		
DOA2: Hardcore, PlayStation 2,"October 25, 2000","This third version of Tecmo's acclaimed fighter ""Dead or Alive 2,"" ported to the Dreamcast ealier in the year, is a visual feast for PS2 gamers with the addition of new costumes, levels, hidden characters, amped-up graphics.",91,8.1																		
World of Warcraft: The Burning Crusade, PC,"January 16, 2007","Several years have passed since the Burning Legion's defeat at Mount Hyjal and the races of Azeroth have continued to rebuild their once shattered lives. With renewed strength, the heroes of the Horde and Alliance have begun to explore new lands and broken through the Dark Portal to investigate the realms beyond the known world. Will these heroes find friends or foes? What dangers and rewards lie in wait beyond the Dark Portal? And what will they do when they discover that the demons they thought vanquished have returned to renew their terrible Burning Crusade? New Player Races: New allies will join the game, expanding the story line and allowing players to develop powerful new characters within the world. Higher Level Limit: The game's level cap is being raised to 70, and with these new levels will come meaningful spell, ability, and talent upgrades for each character class. New Lands and Battlegrounds: Explore the magical realms of the Blood Elves and Draenei, journey through the Dark Portal into untamed Outland, and visit dungeons and battlefields previously inaccessible to players. Flying Mounts: In Outland, players will gain access to unique airborne mounts that will allow for smoother travel over some of that region's more hazardous terrain. [Blizzard]",91,6.7																		
MLB 10: The Show, PlayStation 3,"March 2, 2010","MLB 10 The Show NEW Features: HR Derby – The Home Run Derby and MLB All-Star Futures Game are now available during the All-Star break in our season modes and as a stand-alone experience. Catcher Calling the Game – Call pitches and play as the field general, just like Joe Mauer. Online Gameplay Improved – This year the online gameplay experience has been vastly improved and will detect and respond better to adverse network conditions along with reduced bandwidth to help the speed and flow of online gameplay. User Controlled Pick-Offs – Surprise a base runner with a quick move or lull him to sleep with our new pick-off mechanism. Custom Music, Fan Yells, and Chants – Assign music or a recording to an entire team, edit tracks to assign batter walk-up music, or record your own voice and assign it to play for the team or player during the situation of your choice. [SCEA]",91,8.2																		
Shadow of the Colossus, PlayStation 4,"February 6, 2018","Tales speak of an ancient realm where Colossi roam the majestic landscape. Bound to the land, these creatures hold a key to a mystical power of revival – a power you must obtain to bring a loved one back to life.",91,7.8																		
Yoshi's Island: Super Mario Advance 3, Game Boy Advance,"September 24, 2002","When Baby Mario falls from the sky, the big-hearted Yoshis vow to reunite him with his twin brother on the far side of the island. It won't be easy, but you must help them take on a meddling Magikoopa and his entire cast of underhanded underlings. Your journey spans the island's jungles, caves, and snowcapped peaks--each area filled with hidden rooms, secret passages, charming minigames, demented bosses, and all-new pals. Sure, Yoshi looks cute, but he packs some pretty amazing firepower--he can throw eggs, hover, stomp, pound the ground, slurp up enemies, and morph into a toy submarine.",91,8.9																		
The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt - Blood and Wine, PlayStation 4,"May 30, 2016","This expansion pack is an old-school add on with 20 hours of new adventures, where players will travel to the land of Toussaint.",91,9.1																		
Tiger Woods PGA Tour 2005, PC,"September 20, 2004","TigerProofing is a revolutionary course-altering system that allows players to modify course dynamics and create the most intensely competitive course imaginable. Alter tee-box length, width and patterns on fairways and greens, the depth of a greenside bunker, and even the color of the leaves on the trees, course moisture and the season which you play. Take on the legends of golf including Arnold Palmer, Jack Nicklaus, and Ben Hogan and become a legend yourself! EA SPORTS GameFace II: The industry-leading GameFace technology just got a whole lot deeper with more control and freedom to express your creative vision from a youthful prodigy to a grizzled old veteran. Eight new licensed courses and two new fantasy courses have been added for a total of 14 courses. New licensed courses for console only include Coeur d?Alene and Colonial Country Club. New licensed courses for both console and PC include, Sherwood Country Club, Fancourt Golf Club Estate and Troon North ? Monument Course. Compete as or against 15 different PGA TOUR players including Tiger Woods, John Daly, Vijay Singh, Charles Howell III, Notah Begay III, and Jesper Parnevik, among others. Total Precision Swing: New putting and chipping systems allow for more control on the green or when you leave an approach shot short. [EA Sports]",91,3.8																		
ESPN NFL Football, Xbox,"September 3, 2003","Sega's latest addition to its NFL 2K series, ESPN NFL Football delivers the most complete NFL experience. Experience a new level of gaming through First Person Football, a mode that allows you to see the game through the eyes of any player on your team. Earn and unlock trophies, mini-games, and music to show off in your Crib. Listen to commentary from ESPN's own Chris Berman and watch the game as if you're watching an ESPN broadcast. Take on your friends or play online.",91,7.8																		
NCAA Football 2003, GameCube,"July 20, 2002","NCAA Football 2003 delivers the tradition and spirit of college football's storied programs with intense rivalries, authentic stadium atmospheres, and realistic gameplay. You'll choose from 117 Division 1-A and 27 Division 1-AA schools across the country, or create your own, and then coach your school through a variety of game modes. In Dynasty mode, you can recruit the best athletes, redshirt your developing players, and use TV exposure to gain status as you build a dominating force in the NCAA. NCAA Football 2003 also features a variety of new moves--including play fakes, spins, and one-foot toe drag--which you must master in order to reach the championship.",91,6.6																		
The Longest Journey, PC,"November 16, 2000",An epic 3-D adventure spanning over 150 unique locations across two distinct and detailed worlds. [Funcom],91,8.7																		
Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 2, PC,"October 25, 2000","Players can choose to skate with the skills of Tony Hawk, the most legendary pro of all time, or as one of 12 pro skaters from the star-studded lineup. The game's intuitive and solid control scheme allows players to perform hundreds of tricks in a variety of realistic, obstacle-filled, real-world locations. [Activision]",91,8.5																		
Star Wars Jedi Knight: Dark Forces II, PC,"October 9, 1997","In Dark Forces, Kyle Katarn, a young mercenary successfully infiltrated the Empire. Jedi Knight continues the story of Katarn as he embarks on a quest into his past and learns the mysterious ways of the Jedi. With this knowledge, he must stop seven Dark Jedi from unlocking the powers of a hidden Jedi burial ground. This task forces Katarn to decide his destiny. If he chooses the Dark side, he will come into enormous power. If he chooses the Light side, he faces seemingly insurmountable evil. Whatever path Katarn chooses will change the face of the galaxy forever. [LucasArts]",91,8.6																		
Batman: Arkham Asylum, PC,"September 15, 2009","In Batman: Arkham Asylum, the player assumes the role of Batman as he delivers The Joker to Arkham Asylum. There, the imprisoned super-villains have set a trap and an immersive combat gaming experience unfolds. With an original script penned by Emmy Award-winning Batman writer Paul Dini, the game brings the universe of DC Comics' detective to life with stunning graphics. Batman: Arkham Asylum offers players the chance to battle Gotham's worst villains with Batman's physical and psychological strength in a graphically distinct and story-driven game. [Eidos Interactive]",91,8.6																		
Halo: Reach, Xbox 360,"September 14, 2010","From the beginning, you know the end. In Halo: Reach, players experience the fateful moments that forged the Halo legend. It's the story of Noble Team, a squad of heroic Spartan soldiers, and their final stand on the planet Reach, humanity's last line of defense between the terrifying Covenant and Earth. This darker story is echoed by grittier visuals amid a backdrop of massive, awe-inspiring environments. Characters, enemies and environments are rendered in amazing detail by an all-new engine designed to deliver epic-scale encounters against the cunning and ruthless Covenant.",91,8.4																		
Galactic Civilizations II: Dark Avatar, PC,"February 14, 2007","The year is 2226 and the Drengin Empire reigns supreme across the galaxy. But something utterly evil is devouring the Drengin Empire from within. Expand your Galactic Civilizations II experience with espionage agents, player designed opponents, new alien races, new ships, unique planetary environments, asteroid fields, improved graphics and much more. [Stardock]",91,7.8																		
Mass Effect, Xbox 360,"November 20, 2007","Mass Effect is a science fiction action-RPG created by BioWare Corp., the commercially and critically acclaimed RPG developer of ""Jade Empire,"" and ""Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic."" As the first human on the galactic stage, you must uncover the greatest threat to civilization. Your job is complicated by the very fact of your humanity, as no one trusts you and you need to find a way to convince everyone of the grave threat. You will travel across an expansive universe to piece the mystery together. As you discover and explore the uncharted edges of the galaxy, you come closer to an overwhelming truth - learning that the placid and serene universe you know is about to come to a violent end and that you may be the only person who can stop it! In addition to the main story arc of the game, players are be able to visit a large number of uncharted, unexplored planets which are side quests independent from the main story. At any time during the campaign, a player can choose to explore one of these planets and have an opportunity to discover new alien life, resources, ruined civilizations and powerful technologies. Talents and abilities are upgradeable and advanced talent options become available at higher levels. Weapons and vehicles are customizable to include various effects, abilities and upgrades using the ""X-Mod"" system. Each character class have unique talents and abilities which increase in power as the player progresses through the game. [Microsoft]",91,8.7																		
The Operative: No One Lives Forever, PC,"November 11, 2000","A story-driven, first-person adventure delivering over-the-top action, tense subterfuge, outrageous villains, and wry humor in the tradition of the great 1960's spy films and TV shows. [Fox Interactive]",91,8.7																		
Resident Evil 3: Nemesis, PlayStation,"November 11, 1999","A month and a half have passed since the mansion lab incident and now the secrets come back to haunt you in Resident Evil 3: Nemesis. Join Jill Valentine in her attempt to escape a nightmarish city in ruins. Around every corner lurk hordes of flesh-eating zombies, hideous mutants, and a relentless new nemesis. You'll soon rely on cunning and brute force to stay alive. The Resident Evil series has taken a horrifying turn, unveiling new layers in the Umbrella Corporation's devious activities.",91,8.5																		
Crusader Kings III, PC,"September 1, 2020",Paradox Development Studio brings you the sequel to one of the most popular strategy games ever made. Crusader Kings III is the heir to a long legacy of historical grand strategy experiences and arrives with a host of new ways to ensure the success of your royal house.,91,8.4																		
Forza Motorsport 4, Xbox 360,"October 11, 2011",Forza Motorsport 4 is the biggest entry in the series to date. Hundreds of the world’s most exciting cars spanning more than eighty manufacturers. The best driving circuits in the world. Bringing you closer to the cars of your dreams. Online features that redefine online community. Forza Motorsport 4 promises to be an entirely new car experience.,91,8.3																		
Resident Evil, PlayStation,"March 30, 1996","Raccoon City has been completely overrun by mutant beasts and bloodthirsty zombies. You are a member of S.T.A.R.S.--a rescue squad sent into the community to investigate the ominous mansion at the core of the disaster. Take the role of operative Jill Valentine or Chris Redfield and uncover the secrets behind a radical, genetic research facility. With an array of weapons to master and horrors around every corner, the ultimate test may be just to make it out alive.",91,9.1																		
Battlefield 2, PC,"June 21, 2005","In Battlefield 2, players will choose to fight for one of three military superpowers: the United States, China, or the newly formed Middle East Coalition. Armed with the latest modern weaponry, players can take control of any of the game's 30+ vehicles to engage in major conflicts with over 100 players in some of the largest online battles on the PC. Battlefield 2 features immense, richly detailed, destructible environments, from city streets to remote forests, in some of the most notorious hot spots around the world. Each map in Battlefield 2 adjusts in scale to support the number of players in the world, providing the ideal vehicle-to-player ratio and an optimized game play experience. Enhanced team play features allow players to enter the action on the front lines as part of a formal squad, or work behind the scenes in Commander Mode to direct the strategic assaults of their teammates. With in-game success, players increase their rank from recruit all the way to General and unlock awards, including new weapons, vehicle decals, medals, and more. Additionally, Battlefield 2 showcases an all-new game engine and physics system to bring the modern battlefield to life like never before. The new material penetration feature measures weapons' ability to fire through barriers based on their composition and players will need to know the difference between concealment and cover in order to survive. [Electronic Arts]",91,8.4																		
God of War Collection, PlayStation 3,"November 17, 2009","Two Epic Adventures of Conquest, Destiny, and Vengeance, God of War and God of War II, return for the first time on BluRay Disc! In God of War: Collection, players will experience the dark world of Ancient Greece through Kratos, a brutal warrior determined to murder the God of War and alter what no mortal has ever changed... fate itself. [SCEA]",91,8.8																		
Celeste, PlayStation 4,"January 25, 2018","Help Madeline survive her journey to the top of Celeste Mountain in this super-tight, hand-crafted platformer from the creators of TowerFall.",91,7.5																		
Madden NFL 2005, PlayStation 2,"August 9, 2004","Force the action on defense in Madden NFL 2005. New defensive tools allow you to make more plays and be in on all of the action. The all-new Hit Stick lets you lay the big hit to turn the momentum of the game in your favor. Modify pre-snap assignments, including double teams and player-specific match ups, for any defensive player on the field. With the new Storyline Central, you get the inside scoop around the league from radio host Tony Bruno, along with local and national newspapers, to help you make critical franchise decisions. New Hit Stick — Change the momentum of a game by using the right analog stick to make a huge hit, force a turnover, and send the crowd into a frenzy. Time it just right or you'll get burned for a big play. Enhanced Franchise Mode — Players now react to everything that happens in the franchise—reward a hard-working player by naming him team captain or trade away unhappy players. The new game-by-game progression system rewards players for their performance during the season. Your team's crowd is now customizable with new Create-a-Fan. Be on the lookout for team-specific super fans via all-new 3D fan scenes. New EA SPORTS Online - Take on the best Madden players in quick tournaments, or compete in a mini-game of Rushing Attack. Improved EA SPORTS Fair Play keeps the playing field level. [Electronic Arts]",91,8.0																		
Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3, GameCube,"November 13, 2001","You may not be able to live like the legend, but now you can skate like him. Skate as the legendary Tony Hawk or choose from a dream team of 12 top pro skaters, including old favorites like Lasek, Thomas, Muska, and Steamer, as well as new talent like Gilfberg, Caballero, Koston, and Mullen. Or enjoy full customization abilities with the enhanced Create-a-Skater (now including female skaters) and the Skatepark Editor. Travel from L.A. to Tokyo, Suburbia to Skater's Island performing challenges and meeting goals. New moves include the Revert, which allows you to link vert tricks, and flatland tricks such as Caspers, the Primo, and Handstand Manual. If you're good, you can even unlock hidden pro footage.",91,8.4																		
Street Fighter IV, PC,"July 1, 2009","At the completion of the second World Warrior Tournament, the Shadaloo crime syndicate was left in ruins, its grandmasters defeated and scattered to the winds. Now, the mysterious Seth, CEO of the S.I.N. Corporation, has set up yet another tournament and invited a blend of old friends and new faces to battle again for the title of the world's strongest. With 25 characters (including the original 12 street fighters), a blend of 2D and 3D graphics, and the new focus-attack system, Street Fighter has returned with a vengeance.",91,7.8																		
Fallout 3, PC,"October 28, 2008","[Metacritic's 2008 PC Game of the Year] Vault-Tec engineers have worked around the clock on an interactive reproduction of Wasteland life for you to enjoy from the comfort of your own vault. Included is an expansive world, unique combat, shockingly realistic visuals, tons of player choice, and an incredible cast of dynamic characters. Every minute is a fight for survival against the terrors of the outside world – radiation, Super Mutants, and hostile mutated creatures. From Vault-Tec, America's First Choice in Post Nuclear Simulation. Vault 101 - Jewel of the Wastes. For 200 years, Vault 101 has faithfully served the surviving residents of Washington DC and its environs, now known as the Capital Wasteland. Though the global atomic war of 2077 left the US all but destroyed, the residents of Vault 101 enjoy a life free from the constant stress of the outside world. Giant Insects, Raiders, Slavers, and yes, even Super Mutants are all no match for superior Vault-Tec engineering. Yet one fateful morning, you awake to find that your father has defied the Overseer and left the comfort and security afforded by Vault 101 for reasons unknown. Leaving the only home you've ever known, you emerge from the Vault into the harsh Wasteland sun to search for your father, and the truth. [Bethesda Softworks]",91,7.8																		
Batman: Arkham City, PC,"November 21, 2011",DC Comics' Dark Knight clashes with the Joker again in this sequel from Warner Bros. and Rocksteady Games.,91,8.7																		
Fez, PC,"May 1, 2013","In Fez, you play as Gomez, a 2D creature living in what he believes is a 2D world. Until a strange and powerful artifact reveals to him the existence of a mysterious third dimension!",91,6.7																		
Planescape: Torment, PC,"December 14, 1999","Welcome to Sigil, the ""City of Doors"", a place with gates that lead anywhere in existence, provided you have the proper key. It is a neutral ground and watering hole for races across the multiverse, all under the watchful shadow of the Lady of Pain, the enigmatic ruler of the city. It is a place where the word is mightier than the sword, where thought defines reality, where belief has the power to reshape worlds and change the laws of physics. [Interplay]",91,9.2																		
Gears of War 3, Xbox 360,"September 20, 2011","Developed by acclaimed studio Epic Games and available only on Xbox 360, ""Gears of War 3"" plunges players into a harrowing tale of hope, survival, and brotherhood that will conclude the current story arc for ""Gears of War."" With the last human city destroyed and the remaining survivors stranded, time is running out for Marcus and his comrades as they fight to save the human race from the jaws of extinction.",91,8.1																		
Killzone 2, PlayStation 3,"February 27, 2009","Two years after the Helghast assault on Vekta, the ISA is taking the fight to the enemy's home world of Helghan. The ISA goal is direct: capture the Helghast leader, Emperor Visari, and bring the Helghast war machine to a halt. Assuming the role of Sev, a battle-hardened veteran and a member of the special forces unit known as the Legion, players lead a group of highly trained soldiers on a mission to take out the Helghast threat. For Sev and his squad, the invasion of Helghan is just the beginning. Tasked with securing Pyrrhus, the Capital City, the team quickly discovers that the Helghast are a formidable enemy on their home planet. Not only have they adjusted to the planet's hostile conditions, they have also harnessed a source of power they can now use against the ISA. Sev discovers his squad isn't just fighting enemy forces – their fiercest opponent may be the planet itself. [Sony]",91,8.1																		
Neverwinter Nights, PC,"June 16, 2002","A hideous evil has awoken in the Forgotten Realms. Now, in order to save the inhabitants of the town of Neverwinter you must uncover a sinister conspiracy, unmask your mysterious betrayer and complete an epic struggle to defeat the powerful forces that look to halt your quest and unleash an evil your people would surely never survive. [Infogrames]",91,8.2																		
Batman: Arkham Asylum, PlayStation 3,"August 25, 2009","In Batman: Arkham Asylum, the player assumes the role of Batman as he delivers The Joker to Arkham Asylum. There, the imprisoned super-villains have set a trap and an immersive combat gaming experience unfolds. With an original script penned by Emmy Award-winning Batman writer Paul Dini, the game brings the universe of DC Comics' detective to life with stunning graphics. Batman: Arkham Asylum offers players the chance to battle Gotham's worst villains with Batman's physical and psychological strength in a graphically distinct and story-driven game. [Eidos Interactive]",91,8.8																		
Castlevania: Aria of Sorrow, Game Boy Advance,"May 6, 2003","The year is 2035 and Soma Cruz is about to witness the first solar eclipse of the 21st century when he suddenly blacks out -- only to awaken inside a mysterious castle. As Soma, you must navigate the castle's labyrinths while confronting perilous monsters at every turn. But beware, you must escape before the evil consumes you!",91,8.9																		
No One Lives Forever 2: A Spy in H.A.R.M.'s Way, PC,"September 30, 2002","A humorous story-driven first-person shooter featuring the beautiful but deadly UNITY operative Cate Archer. Cate must investigate a super-secret Soviet project that, if successful, could bring about a third world war. Armed with an assortment of conventional and experimental weaponry and gadgets, players will explore exotic locales, circumvent devious traps, and contend with deadly agents determined to take Cate out of the spy trade once and for all. [Sierra]",91,8.6																		
INSIDE, PlayStation 4,"August 23, 2016","Hunted and alone, a boy finds himself drawn into the center of a dark project. The second game from Limbo developer Playdead.",91,8.4																		
Legacy of Kain: Soul Reaver, PlayStation,"August 16, 1999","Cast down to the material world, the mysterious entity 'Raziel' seeks vengeance for betrayal by his master: Kain. Cursed to stalk the dark realms of Nosgoth, he must slay his undead brethren	 only then can he absorb their souls for the energy he craves. Moving between the spectral and material plane, Raziel must negotiate puzzles, overcome traps and defy blood-chilling enemies to reach his goal - the final battle with Kain!",91,9.0																	
Dragon Age: Origins, PC,"November 3, 2009","As the spiritual successor to BioWare's ""Baldur's Gate"", one of the most successful role-playing games in the industry, Dragon Age: Origins represents BioWare's return to its roots, delivering a fusion of the best elements of existing fantasy works with stunning visuals, emotionally-driven narrative, heart-pounding combat, powerful magic abilities and credible digital actors. The spirit of classic RPGs comes of age, as Dragon Age: Origins features a dark and mature story and gameplay. Epic Party-Based Combat – Dragon Age: Origins introduces an innovative, scalable combat system, as players face large-scale battles and use their party’s special abilities to destroy hoardes of enemies and massive creatures. Powerful Magic – Raining down awesome destruction on enemies is even more compelling as players apply ""spell combos,"" a way of combining together different spells to create emergent unique effects. Players develop their characters and gain powerful special abilities (spells, talents and skills) and discover ever-increasing weapons of destruction. With its emotionally compelling story, players choose with whom they wish to forge alliances or crush under their mighty fist, redefining the world with the choices they make and how they wield their power. Players select and play a unique prelude that provides the lens through which the player sees the world and how the world sees the player. The player's choice of Origin determines who they are and where they begin the adventure, as they play through a customized story opening that profoundly impacts the course of every adventure. [BioWare]",91,8.8																		
Golden Sun, Game Boy Advance,"November 11, 2001","In a dark time, an epic adventure begins as evil slowly envelops the world! The forces of darkness are pursuing the lost art of Alchemy, and as they draw ever closer to their foul purpose, mankind's future hangs in the balance. You and your companions are the last hope: armed with noble weapons, mysterious Psynergy and a host of elemental creatures, you must find a way to stem the evil tide. Your ordinary life is over, as a Golden Sun rises above you and forever broadens your horizon!",91,9.0																		
Rayman Legends, PlayStation 3,"September 3, 2013","Rayman Legends is the follow-up to Rayman Origins and brings multiplayer interactions for you to employ. The Glade of Dreams is in trouble again. During a 100-year nap, the nightmares multiplied and spread, creating new monsters even scarier than before. These creatures are the stuff of legend… Dragons, giant toads, sea monsters, and even evil luchadores. With the help of Murfy, Rayman and Globox awake and must now help fight these nightmares and save the Teensies.",91,8.7																		
F1 2020, Xbox One,"July 10, 2020","For the first time, players can create their own F1® team by creating a driver, then choosing a sponsor, an engine supplier, hiring a teammate and competing as the 11th team on the grid. Build facilities, develop the team over time and drive to the top. Customise your 10-year career mode, with a choice of F2™ Championship introduction options and season lengths to allow for a more exciting, multiple season, career. The addition of split-screen racing, a new steering assist and a more accessible race experience means that you can enjoy the game with friends, no matter what your skill level. F1® 2020 features all the official teams, drivers and 22 circuits, including two new races: Hanoi Circuit and Circuit Zandvoort. Online connection required to download the final teams’ 2020 cars (as applicable) and F2™ 2020 season content.",91,7.2																		
Mark of the Ninja, PC,"October 16, 2012","""Mark of the Ninja"" is a side-scrolling stealth action game from Klei Entertainment that combines fluid 2D animation with intense stealth gameplay. Observe your enemies from afar, manipulate them with your tools, and execute your plan with precision. But be careful - you're as fragile as you are powerful.",91,8.0																		
Disco Elysium, PC,"October 15, 2019","Disco Elysium is an open world role playing game. You’re a detective with a unique skill system at your disposal and a whole city block to carve your path across. Interrogate unforgettable characters, crack murders or take bribes. Become a hero or an absolute disaster of a human being.",91,8.4																		
World Soccer Winning Eleven 8 International, PlayStation 2,"February 1, 2005","Winning Eleven 8 once again raises the bar with in-depth gameplay, improved realism and increased control. The game now features all the teams from the Italian, Spanish and Dutch leagues under the official license. Featuring 136 club teams and 57 national teams, Winning Eleven 8 offers gamers control of up to 4,500 of the world's greatest soccer players. The game introduces a wealth of new moves and tricks including new free kick and penalty kick techniques, an innovative indirect free kick move and a new dribbling system that offers more control as gamers go one-on-one and try to pass opposing players. Also featured is the first-ever on-screen referee in the history of the series. Boasting an enhanced ref AI, the referee will run up and down the field reacting realistically and instinctively to fouls, giving advantage for minor infringements and even stepping in to calm things down when the action gets heated. Winning Eleven 8 also features improvements to the popular Master League, which now has more strategy through player development and injury, and a new 'My Best Eleven' option so fans can save their greatest teams. [Konami]",91,8.3																		
SteamWorld Heist: Ultimate Edition, Switch,"December 28, 2017","Join Captain Piper Faraday, smuggler and occasional pirate, as she recruits a rag-tag team of steam-driven robots and sets out on a daring adventure. With your hearty crew you’ll board, loot and shoot your way through enemy spaceships. Overcome the challenges of the vast frontier by upgrading your robots with unique abilities, weapons – and even stylish hats!",91,8.3																		
The Legend of Zelda: A Link Between Worlds, 3DS,"November 22, 2013",The Legend of Zelda: A Link Between Worlds is a new game with a new storyline set in world of the Super NES classic The Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past.,91,9.0																		
NieR: Automata - Game of the YoRHa Edition, PlayStation 4,"February 26, 2019","Humanity has been driven from the Earth by mechanical beings from another world. In a final effort to take back the planet, the human resistance sends a force of android soldiers to destroy the invaders. Now, a war between machines and androids rages on... A war that could soon unveil a long-forgotten truth of the world.",91,8.7																		
Dark Souls II, PC,"April 25, 2014",Dark Souls II brings the franchise’s renowned difficulty & gripping gameplay innovations to both single and multiplayer experiences.,91,7.2																		
Castlevania: Circle of the Moon, Game Boy Advance,"June 10, 2001","Count Dracula has been resurrected and evil will reign supreme unless he is stopped. As Nathan Graves, you'll hunt down the count and use your whip and a variety of special items to destroy his minions. Battle your way through Dracula's castle and rid the world of evil once and for all!",91,8.3																		
Resident Evil 2, PlayStation 4,"January 25, 2019","In Resident Evil 2, the classic action, tense exploration, and puzzle solving gameplay that defined the Resident Evil series returns. Players join rookie police officer Leon Kennedy and college student Claire Redfield, who are thrust together by a disastrous outbreak in Raccoon City that transformed its population into deadly zombies. Both Leon and Claire have their own separate playable campaigns, allowing players to see the story from both characters’ perspectives. The fate of these two fan favorite characters is in players hands as they work together to survive and get to the bottom of what is behind the terrifying attack on the city. Will they make it out alive?",91,8.9																		
Spelunky 2, PC,"September 29, 2020","Spelunky 2 builds upon the unique, randomized challenges that made the original a roguelike classic, offering a huge adventure designed to satisfy players old and new. Meet the next generation of explorers as they find themselves on the Moon, searching for treasure and missing family.",91,6.7																		
Far Cry 3, Xbox 360,"December 4, 2012","In Far Cry 3, players assume the role of Jason Brody, a figure alone at the edge of the world, stranded on a mysterious tropical island. In this savage paradise where anarchy and violence are the only sure thing, players dictate how the story unfolds, from the battles they elect to fight to the allies or enemies they make along the way. As Jason Brody, players slash, sneak, detonate and shoot their way across the island in a world that has lost its understanding of what's right and wrong.",91,8.6																		
Dark Souls II, PlayStation 3,"March 11, 2014","Prepare to die... Again. Dare yourself to engage against intense gameplay in a vast world powered by a new engine. Immerse yourself into mind-bending environments filled with new twisted monsters and deadly bosses. A vast array of threats will prey on human senses & phobias - auditory hallucinations, vertigo, acrophobia, etc. More intricate customization options provide weapons and armor tailoring to player style. [Namco Bandai Games]",91,8.1																		
Shovel Knight: Treasure Trove, Switch,"March 3, 2017","Shovel Knight: Treasure Trove is the full and complete edition of Shovel Knight, a sweeping classic action adventure game series with awesome gameplay, memorable characters, and an 8-bit retro aesthetic! Become Shovel Knight, wielder of the Shovel Blade, as he runs, jumps, and battles in a quest for his lost beloved. Take down the nefarious knights of the Order of No Quarter and their menacing leader, The Enchantress. But that's not everything! Shovel Knight: Treasure Trove also features three additional campaigns that are games all unto themselves! Take control of Plague Knight, Specter Knight, and King Knight on adventures of their own! Together, they form a grand and sweeping saga! With a fully cooperative campaign, a full-featured challenge mode, a 4 player battle mode, and body swap mode, you'll be digging for a long time. With Shovel Knight: Treasure Trove, you get it all. Uphold the virtues of Shovelry, earn relics and riches, and discover the true meaning of shovel justice!",91,8.2																		
Dragon Quest XI S: Echoes of an Elusive Age - Definitive Edition, PlayStation 4,"December 4, 2020","The Definitive Edition includes all the content from the original release of the acclaimed DRAGON QUEST XI, and adds extra character-specific scenarios, the choice of playing with the original soundtrack or a grand orchestral version of the music, the ability to switch between 2D and 3D graphic modes, a Japanese voice-acting option, and much more.",91,8.1																		
flower, PlayStation 4,"November 15, 2013","The pioneers that brought you the PLAYSTATION Network title flOw are back with another concept that challenges traditional gaming conventions. Flower expands the team's tradition of delivering simple gameplay, accessible controls and a medium to explore emotional chords uncommon in video games. In Flower, the surrounding environment, most often pushed to the background in games, is pulled to the forefront and becomes the primary ""character."" The player fades from an external and stressful world in the opening of this fresh and genuine game only for PS3, and journeys through beautifully vivid landscapes, changing the his surroundings and exploring nature along the way.",91,7.3																		
Mario Kart DS, DS,"November 14, 2005","Race and battle with up to eight karts at once, regardless of whether or not everyone has a Game Card. The all–star cast includes Mario, Luigi, Peach, Yoshi, Donkey Kong, Wario, Bowser, and Toad. With courses drawn from every Mario Kart game - Super Mario Kart, Mario Kart 64, Mario Kart: Super Circuit, Mario Kart: Double Dash - players may tour many of their favorites as well as all-new tracks and battle arenas. The game has a new dimension of fun, since players can battle others around the world by connecting to Nintendo's new wireless gaming service, Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection, via Wi-Fi. With over 30 courses and all the crazy items and frantic speed players would expect, this game is a Mario Kart fan's dream. [Nintendo]",91,8.7																		
Call of Duty, PC,"October 29, 2003","Call of Duty delivers the gritty realism and cinematic intensity of World War II's epic battlefield moments like never before - through the eyes of citizen soldiers and unsung heroes from an alliance of countries who together helped shape the course of modern history. Play through the chaos of battle as part of a well-trained squad, that lays down covering fire and pulls its wounded to safety. In addition to authentic squad movements and tactics, each soldier's distinct personality and training comes out on the battlefield. No one soldier or nation single-handedly won the war. For the first time, Call of Duty captures the war from multiple perspectives, through the eyes of American, British and Russian soldiers. Battle through 24 missions spanning 4 interconnected historical campaigns. Take on mission objectives ranging from sabotage and all-out assault to stealth, vehicle combat and rescue. Authentic weapons, locations, vehicles and sounds of war all contribute to the realism. [Activision]",91,8.4																		
Madden NFL 2004, PC,"August 12, 2003","Key Features for 2004 include New Playmaker Control - Make pre-snap adjustments to your receiver routes, direct receiver routes during a scramble, direct blocking down field during a run, or read and react to the offense to deliver a crushing tackle	 New Owner Mode - Hire your own staff, set your team's ticket prices, build your own stadium, reward key players with signing bonuses and boost player attributes in Mini-Camp drills	 Most Realistic NFL Playbooks Ever - Tons of new trick plays, multiple formation variations, and the deepest NFL playbooks from all 32 officially licensed Coaches Club Head Coaches	 New Animations and Enhancements - New QB scramble transitions to improve throwing on the run, stumbles, open field blocks, whirlwind defensive reaction moves, sideline wrap tackles, and out of bound pushes. [Electronic Arts]",91,7.1															
Mario Golf, Nintendo 64,"June 30, 1999","Forget buying expensive golf gear--Mario brings the game to you. Mario Golf features four complete 18-hole courses, 11 golfers, and precise play control. Create your own golfer and build up his or her experience and skill levels by competing in various tournaments and head-to-head matches. The more you play, the stronger and more accurate your golfer becomes. There are many different modes of play in Mario Golf, including a wide variety of minigames designed to challenge even the most level-headed swingers.",91,8.0																		
Crash Bandicoot 3: Warped, PlayStation,"October 31, 1998","This time the game takes place across a great expanse of time and space, making for greatly diverse level designs, which in turn keep the game fresh.",91,9.0																		
Assassin's Creed II, Xbox 360,"November 17, 2009","Assassin's Creed II is the product of over two years of intensive development by the original creative team behind the Assassin's Creed brand. In a vast open world environment, the game invites players to incarnate Ezio, a privileged young noble in Renaissance Italy who's been betrayed by the rival ruling families of Italy. Ezio's subsequent quest for vengeance plunges players into an epic story that offers more variety in missions, surprising and engaging new gameplay elements, diverse weapons and a profound character progression that appeal to fans of the original Assassin's Creed as well as entice players new to the brand. [Ubisoft]",90,8.8																		
Project Gotham Racing 2, Xbox,"November 17, 2003","Project Gotham Racing 2 is a true test of racing skill, style, and daring that rewards you not only for how fast you drive, but also for how you drive fast. Earn Kudos and gain recognition for cornering on two wheels around the Sears Tower in Chicago	 power-sliding through the ancient streets of Florence, Italy	 or maneuvering along the racing line through the slick streets of Edinburgh, Scotland--all while racing some of the most exotic high-performance vehicles available. You can even challenge other gamers online, using Xbox Live, or take on your friends in a multiplayer race via System Link.",90,8.7																
NBA 2K12, PlayStation 3,"October 4, 2011",The NBA 2k Franchise is back with NBA 2K12.,90,6.8																		
Animal Crossing: New Horizons, Switch,"March 20, 2020","If the hustle and bustle of modern life’s got you down, Tom Nook has a new business venture up his sleeve that he knows you’ll adore: the Nook Inc. Deserted Island Getaway Package. Sure, you’ve crossed paths with colorful characters near and far. Had a grand time as one of the city folk. May’ve even turned over a new leaf and dedicated yourself to public service. But deep down, isn’t there a part of you that longs for…freedom? Then perhaps a long walk on the beach of a deserted island, where a rich wealth of untouched nature awaits, is just what the doctor ordered. Peaceful creativity and charm await as you roll up your sleeves and make your new life whatever you want it to be. Collect resources and craft everything from creature comforts to handy tools. Embrace your green thumb as you interact with flowers and trees in new ways. Set up a homestead where the rules of what goes indoors and out no longer apply. Make friends with new arrivals, enjoy the seasons, pole-vault across rivers as you explore, and more.",90,5.5																		
The Sims 2, PC,"September 14, 2004","The Sims 2 is the first entirely-new generation of The Sims, the ground-breaking game that allowed players to create and control people. The Sims 2 challenges you to direct the journey of your Sims' lives as they grow from infancy through childhood, teenage life and adulthood. Starting with a personality that you give them (or that they inherit from their parents), your Sims will develop in unique ways based on your choices and influence. As they progress through life, your Sims will collect memories which shape who they are, what options they have and how they behave. These experiences can have a short or long-term effect on relationships between family members and friends. Experiences between Sims when they are children can affect their relationships as teens and adults. Your Sims can have casual friendships or make life-long enemies. [Electronic Arts]",90,8.7																		
Final Fantasy XIV: Shadowbringers, PC,"July 2, 2019","Take part in the next saga of FINAL FANTASY® XIV Online with the next legendary expansion pack—SHADOWBRINGERS. New jobs: Gunbreaker and Dancer New races: Viera and Hrothgar Level cap increased: 70 to 80 New cities: The Crystarium and Eulmore Journey through expansive new areas, such as the Rak’tika Greatwood, Amh Araeng, Il Mheg and Lakeland. New trails, including harrowing encounters with Titania and Innocence. New beast tribes: pixies, Nu Mou, and dwarves New 8-player raid: Eden An exciting new series of alliance raids YoRHa:Dark Apocalypse The Restoration of the Holy See of Ishgard - In the aftermath of the Dragonsong War, Disciples of the Hand and Land work together to rebuild Ishgard",90,9.1																		
World of Warcraft: Cataclysm, PC,"December 7, 2010","In Cataclysm, players witness the face of Azeroth being altered forever, as the corrupted Dragon Aspect Deathwing awakens from his subterranean slumber and erupts onto the surface, leaving ruin and destruction in his wake. As the Horde and Alliance race to the epicenter of the cataclysm, the kingdoms of Azeroth will witness seismic shifts in power, the kindling of a war of the elements, and the emergence of unlikely heroes who will rise up to protect their scarred and broken world from utter devastation. New features in the game's third expansion include: Two New Playable Races: Adventure as the cursed worgen with the Alliance or the resourceful goblins with the Horde. Increased Level Cap: Advance to level 85 and earn new abilities, tap into new talents, and progress through the path system, a new way for players to customize characters. Classic Zones Remade: Quest to level 60 as you never have before. Familiar zones across the original continents of Kalimdor and the Eastern Kingdoms have been reforged by the cataclysm and updated with new quests and content. Flying Mounts in Azeroth: Explore Kalimdor and the Eastern Kingdoms from a whole new perspective. Guild Advancement: Progress as a guild to earn guild levels and guild achievements. New High-Level Content: Explore newly opened parts of the world, including Uldum, Grim Batol, and the great sunken city of Vashj'ir beneath the sea, and enjoy even more high-level raid content than in previous expansions. New PvP Zone & Rated Battlegrounds: Take on PvP objectives and daily quests on Tol Barad Island, a new Wintergrasp-like zone, and wage war in all-new rated Battlegrounds. Archaeology: Master a new secondary profession to unearth valuable artifacts and earn unique rewards. New Race and Class Combinations: Explore Azeroth as a gnome priest, blood elf warrior, or one of the other never-before-available race and class combinations. [Blizzard Entertainment]",90,5.8																		
Half-Life 2, Xbox,"November 15, 2005","The follow-up to Half-Life continues the intense action and immersive storytelling from the original and adds more realism and responsiveness. Once again, you play the role of research scientist Gordon Freeman, who finds himself on an alien-infested Earth being picked to the bone, its resources depleted, and its populace dwindling. With your trusty crowbar and a variety of other weapons at your disposal, Freeman must rescue the world from the wrong he unleashed at Black Mesa.",90,8.4																		
NCAA Football 2003, Xbox,"July 20, 2002","NCAA Football 2003 delivers the tradition and spirit of college football's storied programs with intense rivalries, authentic stadium atmospheres, and realistic gameplay. You'll choose from 117 Division 1-A and 27 Division 1-AA schools across the country, or create your own, and then coach your school through a variety of game modes. In Dynasty mode, you can recruit the best athletes, redshirt your developing players, and use TV exposure to gain status as you build a dominating force in the NCAA. NCAA Football 2003 also features a variety of new moves--including play fakes, spins, and one-foot toe drag--which you must master in order to reach the championship.",90,7.3																		
Rayman 2: The Great Escape, Nintendo 64,"October 31, 1999","Enter a massive 3-D action adventure of amazing beauty and challenge. The pirate terror has enslaved the world and only Rayman's speed, agility, and magical powers can save all. Race and battle across 45 intricately designed areas - rainforests, jungles, narrow canyon passes, even into the mighty pirate ship itself.",90,8.8																		
Bayonetta, Xbox 360,"January 5, 2010","Bayonetta is a stylish and cinematic action game directed by creator Hideki Kamiya. A member of an ancient witch clan and possessing powers beyond the comprehension of mere mortals, Bayonetta faces-off against countless ethereal enemies, many reaching epic proportions, in a game of 100% pure, unadulterated all-out action. Outlandish finishing moves are performed with balletic grace as Bayonetta flows from one fight to another. With over-the-top action taking place in stages that are a veritable theme park of exciting attractions, Bayonetta pushes the limits of the action genre, bringing to life its fast-paced, dynamic climax combat. [Sega]",90,8.1																		
Diablo III: Ultimate Evil Edition, PlayStation 4,"August 19, 2014","PlayStation 4 players can now experience the full adventure of Blizzard’s epic action RPG, Diablo III, and the upcoming expansion, Reaper of Souls all from the comfort of their couch in Diablo III: Ultimate Evil Edition! Take on the role of one of six powerful character class Barbarian, Demon Hunter, Monk, Witch Doctor, Wizard, or the all-new Crusader and embark on a dark journey through Acts I-V to save the world of Sanctuary from ancient and sinister forces. With the new DUALSHOCK 4 wireless controller and a custom-designed console interface, players will be outfitted with touch pad functionality and new social features as they engage in pulse-pounding combat with hordes of monsters and acquire items of incredible power.",90,7.9																		
Overwatch, PlayStation 4,"May 23, 2016","Overwatch is a highly stylized team-based shooter set on earth in the near future. Every match is an intense multiplayer showdown pitting a diverse cast of soldiers, mercenaries, scientists, adventurers, and oddities against each other in an epic, globe-spanning conflict.",90,6.4																		
Far Cry 3, PlayStation 3,"December 4, 2012","With Far Cry 3, players step into the shoes of Jason Brody, a man alone at the edge of the world, stranded on a mysterious tropical island. In this savage paradise where lawlessness and violence are the only sure thing, players dictate how the story unfolds, from the battles they choose to fight to the allies or enemies they make along the way. As Jason Brody, players will slash, sneak, detonate and shoot their way across the island in a world that has lost all sense of right and wrong.",90,8.6																		
ICO, PlayStation 2,"September 24, 2001","Assume the role of Ico, a courageous young boy born with horns who has been delivered to a mysterious castle to be sacrificed so that, according to legend, the community will be saved. Attempt to escape the grounds and save a princess through a variety of mazes, brainteasers, and other puzzles.",90,8.8																		
Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon Advanced Warfighter, Xbox 360,"March 9, 2006","In 2013, the U.S. Army will implement the Integrated Warfighter System (IWS), evolving what we know as the modern soldier. IWS combines advanced weapon systems, satellite communication devices and enhanced survivability into one fully integrated combat system. The IWS program has been developed to meet these new threats head on. Now, it can be tested on the battlefield. Following an insurgence in the heart of Mexico City, the U.S. Army's most elite Special Forces team is deployed to the center of the conflict to regain control of the city. Greatly outnumbered but fully equipped with the IWS, this elite team is the first and last line of defense on the battlefield. They are the ""Quiet"" professionals. They are the Ghosts. Gain access to the future of military technology. Using a fully integrated combat system with cutting-edge weapons and revolutionary communication systems, gamers embody the soldier of the future. Based on actual U.S. Army research, the Ghosts give gamers a realistic view of how war will be fought in the next decade. Use the revolutionary Cross-Com, a communication device powered by satellite technology. Attached to the soldier's monocle, the Cross-Com provides full situational awareness and command of the battlefield. Command the Ghost squad and remote allied forces and drones, and direct artillery and air strikes. See what the squad sees and receive visual and auditory intel from allied forces and unmanned drones. [Ubisoft]",90,7.9																		
FIFA Soccer 12, PlayStation 3,"September 27, 2011",FIFA Soccer 12 brings a new physics engine into the soccer gameplay.,90,7.2																		
World of Goo, PC,"October 12, 2008","World of Goo is a physics based puzzle / construction game. The millions of Goo Balls that live in the beautiful World of Goo don't know that they are in a game, or that they are extremely delicious. [2D Boy]",90,8.4																		
Mario & Luigi: Superstar Saga, Game Boy Advance,"November 17, 2003","An evil witch has replaced Princess Peach's fair speech with explosives! Mario and Luigi must once again come to her rescue, but this time they employ the help of Bowser, their sworn enemy. Mario and Luigi must learn new moves and combine powers to fight off enemies and move closer to the witch's castle. Guide this unlikely bunch through an abundance of minigames such as Border Jump and Mystery Carts. Combine the powers of Mario and Luigi to pull off special tag-team moves. Immerse yourself in this bright, cartoonish, and humorous world, complete with hit music featured in previous Mario games.",90,8.9																		
Shovel Knight, PlayStation 4,"April 21, 2015","Shovel Knight is a sweeping classic action adventure game with awesome gameplay, memorable characters, and an 8-bit retro aesthetic. It's a hot mashup of new and old! You play as the eponymous Shovel Knight, a small knight with a huge quest. Shovel Knight has come to this land with two goals: to defeat the evil Enchantress and quest for his lost beloved. He wields a Shovel Blade: a multipurpose weapon whose techniques have now been lost to the ages. Always honest and helpful, Shovel Knight is a shining example of the code of Shovelry: Slash Mercilessly and Dig Tirelessly! But, between Shovel Knight and his beloved stands a cadre of villainous knights. These terrible foes, known as The Order of No Quarter, have been dispatched to prevent Shovel Knight from reaching the Enchantress, and will pursue their mission at any cost. If you love games with perfect platforming, beautiful art, infectious music, crazy bosses, humor and levity, and real heart... Shovel Knight is for you!",90,7.7																		
Tony Hawk's Underground, PlayStation 2,"October 27, 2003","Get ready for a totally new breed of the Tony Hawk experience. Play as yourself, not a pro skater, and make your way through a plot-twisting, true-to-life story that takes you from unknown local skate punk to fame and fortune as a superstar skater. For the first time ever, you'll be able to get off your board and explore 9 expansive levels on foot or by vehicle. Enjoy unprecedented customization by designing and naming your own original tricks through the all-new Create-a-Trick. Or create bigger parks and include your own goals in the expanded Skate Park Editor. After you're done, share your tricks and parks online with your friends. You can even download your own face into the game! And, with all-new online play - new games, stats, and online rankings - you'll have infinite expansion through downloadable content. You're the star...you own the Underground! [Activision]",90,8.7																		
Marvel vs. Capcom 2, Dreamcast,"June 29, 2000","The world's most insane tag-team fantasy fighter is bigger than ever! An unprecedented 56 characters include the debut of Jill from Resident Evil, Servbots from Mega Man and Cable from Marvel Comics fame. Experience arcade perfect fighting with 3 on 3 tag-team battles, unbelievable control and hyper-fast animation. Pick a fight with legendary Capcom characters and Super Heroes from the Marvel Universe and prepare to be amazed.",90,8.8																		
Ape Escape, PlayStation,"May 31, 1999","A boisterous band of baboons carry out a daring zoo escape. It's ape anarchy and it's up to you to stop the chimps before they make chumps out of the human race! Use both analog sticks to operate great gadgets including a Tank, a Remote Control Car, a Stun Club, and a Time Net in your quest to hunt down over 200 apes!",90,8.4																		
Syphon Filter, PlayStation,"January 31, 1999","While it may not be an original concept, the game is truly greater than the sum of its many parts.",90,8.7																		
Mario & Luigi: Bowser's Inside Story, DS,"September 14, 2009","In his evil plot to take over the Mushroom Kingdom, Fawful tricks Bowser into eating a magic mushroom. The mushroom causes Bowser to begin inhaling everything around him, including Mario, Luigi and Princess Peach! Do the Mario Bros. have the guts to rescue Peach and escape? Players are in control of two separate storylines. One features Bowser and his efforts to stop an arch-villain from taking over his castle. Meanwhile, inside Bowser, the microbe-sized Mario & Luigi must muscle their way through challenges and keep their nerve if they want to find a way out. They take action to control Bowser from the inside - but without his knowledge. Players can switch between storylines at will. What happens inside Bowser affects what he’s doing on the outside. Sometimes Mario & Luigi must solve puzzles and challenges behind the scenes to help Bowser overcome various obstacles and advance the plot. Players must make well-timed button presses to enhance their performance during battles and challenges. In some battles, Bowser grows so large that players must turn their Nintendo DS or Nintendo DSi system sideways, blow into the microphone or tap on the touch screen with the stylus to keep up with the action. The game features the same hilarious dialogue that has been the hallmark of the Mario & Luigi series. [Nintendo]",90,8.8																		
Trials Evolution, Xbox 360,"April 18, 2012","The follow-up to Trials HD brings the bike-racing action back to the Xbox 360. Ride in real-time multiplayer with two to four players, either locally or through XBLA. Take part in single player career with 50 tracks, challenging unlocks, and tricky achievements. A massive, track editor lets you build the track of your choosing and share it with the world. Or simply download highly-rated tracks from around the globe using Track Central.",90,8.0																		
Grand Theft Auto IV: The Lost and Damned, Xbox 360,"February 17, 2009","[Xbox Live Arcade] Johnny is a veteran member of The Lost, a notorious biker gang. Johnny has been creating business opportunities for The Lost in Liberty City, but his first loyalty must be to the patch he wears on his back and to Billy Grey, the club's President. However, when Billy returns from rehab hell-bent on bloodshed and debauchery, Johnny finds himself in the middle of a vicious turf war with rival gangs for control of a city torn apart by violence and corruption. Can the brotherhood survive? Developed by series creator Rockstar North and set in Liberty City, Grand Theft Auto IV: The Lost and Damned features a new main character, Johnny Klebitz, and plot that intersects with the storyline of Grand Theft Auto IV	 new missions that offer an entirely fresh way to explore Liberty City with new multiplayer modes, weapons and vehicles	 and a diverse soundtrack with additional music - all with the incredible production values that are the trademarks of Grand Theft Auto. All-new missions and a new storyline that interweaves with the original story arc of Grand Theft Auto IV. Play as Johnny, a member of The Lost Motorcycle Club. Experience Liberty City now with the perspective and lifestyle of a member of a biker gang. Added range of weapons - including the all-new grenade launcher and sawed-off shotgun. New weapons will be available for use in single-player and in all new multiplayer modes. New vehicles - featuring a collection of bikes that include Johnny's own customized heavy-duty chopper. New and improved bike handling and physics. Set of new action-packed multiplayer modes - details coming soon. All-new in-game TV, internet and radio content featuring new radio shows and original music. Plus new side-missions and Xbox 360 Achievement. [Rockstar Games]",90,8.0																
FIFA Soccer 12, Xbox 360,"September 27, 2011",FIFA Soccer 12 brings a new physics engine into the soccer gameplay.,90,6.8																		
Monster Hunter: World - Iceborne, Xbox One,"September 6, 2019","Monster Hunter World: Iceborne is the highly anticipated massive expansion to Monster Hunter: World, the best-selling Capcom title of all time with more than 12 million units shipped worldwide adding to the series total of more than 53 million units to date. This gargantuan follow-up rivals the gameplay volume from the original release and features a new icy setting, storyline, monsters, gameplay options, and more. The game's all-new story picks up after Monster Hunter: World and whisks hunters away to the newly discovered chilly locale that, once fully explored, becomes the largest region in World so far. The new locale is home to several new and returning monsters ready to challenge hunters throughout their expeditions and raises the stakes with the added higher difficulty Master Rank. Iceborne continues the skill-based progression and robust crafting system found in World and expands that with several new gameplay features that broaden the player's combat repertoire. All this leads to the ultimate hunter test against the mysterious new flagship monster, Velkhana.",90,8.2																		
Spelunky, PC,"August 8, 2013",Spelunky is a unique platformer with randomized levels that offer a new and challenging experience each time you play.,90,7.4																		
FIFA Soccer 10, Xbox 360,"October 20, 2009","On the pitch, critical gameplay fundamentals have been enhanced to ensure that FIFA Soccer 10 mirrors real-world soccer, providing more sophisticated ball control, and physical interaction between players. In addition, players now move, behave and position themselves more realistically. On attack, players analyze space more effectively, curve their runs in an attempt to stay onside, create passing lanes naturally, and drive for more variety in attacking options. On defense, new concepts like position priority enable defenders to multitask so dangerous spaces left open by teammates out of position are covered. Plus, slide tackle targeting, press marking, and better-urgency clearance logic provide new options that make defending a tactical skill in FIFA Soccer 10. In goal, a myriad of improvements and refinements to goalkeeper intelligence result in a more responsive and powerful rushing system and ultra-realistic saves. Better balance on lofted through balls, improved goalkeeper intelligence, more realistic shooting mechanics with less shots hitting the goal posts, a practice arena to perfect skills, and a more immersive soccer experience through continuous play and quick free kicks are just a few of the issues raised by fans and addressed in FIFA Soccer 10. Three new innovations revealed today at E3 have been developed to change the player control experience in FIFA Soccer 10. The first-ever true 360 degree dribbling system gives players finer control of the ball, enabling them to find spaces between defenders that previously were not possible. Using an all-new animation technology, skilled dribblers now have the ability to face the defender and use highly responsive lateral dribbling to skip past him. An innovative concept called Freedom in Physical Play enables players to perform wider dribble touches and new collision sharing creates a varied, less predictable, and extended fight for possession between the dribbler and a defender. FIFA Soccer 10 also features a deeper iteration of the ever-popular Manager Mode with more than 50 major improvements, including new match realism, realistic player transfers based on multiple decision points, and true-to-life player growth curves. [Electronic Arts]",90,7.4																		
Ratchet & Clank: Going Commando, PlayStation 2,"November 11, 2003","From the creators of the critically acclaimed smash hit Ratchet & Clank, Insomniac Games, comes the next installment of the most exciting sci-fi action adventure ever. Ratchet & Clank: Going Commando features an enhanced health damage system and weapons upgrade system, beautiful diverse environments, a compelling storyline and a unique arsenal of the coolest new weapons and hi-tech gadgets ever imagined. The more $#@& you blow up, the stronger Ratchet gets and the bigger and badder the weapons you?ll have! Show off in gladiator arenas. Pick off enemies in space combat. Leave competitors to eatin? your dust in hoverbike races. And, run around spherical worlds. [SCEA]",90,8.9																		
NBA Street Vol. 2, PlayStation 2,"April 28, 2003","25 NBA legends scrap, battle and brawl for ultimate bragging rights. Play as Dr. J, Bird, Wilt, Moses, and more! Seven authentic urban courts including Soul in the Hole in NYC, Mosswood in Oakland, and more. All-new electrifying moves, passes and alley-oops. Play against the CPU or with up to four ballers. Customize the rules and players to your liking. [Electronic Arts]",90,8.7																		
Tennis 2K2, Dreamcast,"October 24, 2001","The top seed is back. Take to the courts of Virtua Tennis 2 as you compete to become the world No1. Serve, smash and lob your way through 16 internationally top-ranked male and female players as you go head to head in singles matches or compete with up to 4 players in doubles and mixed doubles matches. With revamped Tournament, Exhibition and World Tour modes its game set and match Virtua Tennis 2.",90,7.9																		
Black & White, PC,"March 26, 2001","Peter Molyneux's highly anticipated ""god game,"" a blend of the genres including strategy, sim, RPG, and puzzle, features the player as a new god in the lands of Eden who must reign with the help of uniquely evolving animals in either a benign or evil fashion.",90,7.7																		
Fallout 3, PlayStation 3,"October 28, 2008","Vault-Tec engineers have worked around the clock on an interactive reproduction of Wasteland life for you to enjoy from the comfort of your own vault. Included is an expansive world, unique combat, shockingly realistic visuals, tons of player choice, and an incredible cast of dynamic characters. Every minute is a fight for survival against the terrors of the outside world – radiation, Super Mutants, and hostile mutated creatures. From Vault-Tec, America's First Choice in Post Nuclear Simulation. Vault 101 - Jewel of the Wastes. For 200 years, Vault 101 has faithfully served the surviving residents of Washington DC and its environs, now known as the Capital Wasteland. Though the global atomic war of 2077 left the US all but destroyed, the residents of Vault 101 enjoy a life free from the constant stress of the outside world. Giant Insects, Raiders, Slavers, and yes, even Super Mutants are all no match for superior Vault-Tec engineering. Yet one fateful morning, you awake to find that your father has defied the Overseer and left the comfort and security afforded by Vault 101 for reasons unknown. Leaving the only home you've ever known, you emerge from the Vault into the harsh Wasteland sun to search for your father, and the truth. [Bethesda Softworks]",90,7.9																		
The Legend of Zelda: The Wind Waker HD, Wii U,"September 20, 2013","As the purported definitive version of the game, The Legend of Zelda: The Wind Waker HD is remastered and presented in 1080p graphics. Gamers can experience high-definition cell-shaded presentation on their TVs or entirely on the Wii U GamePad controller. The streamlined interface lets gamers easily manage your inventory—simply slide an item onto any button. Instantly view maps and zoom in on the GamePad controller's touch screen. Enjoy a breezy cruise with the original sail, or switch to the brand-new Swift Sail that lets you gather the wind and speed across the waves. With the new Tingle Bottle feature, you can connect with others over Miiverse. Comments or screenshots others have posted on Miiverse may wash up on the shore or appear in other locations, tucked into bottles. Whenever you want, move around the world in first-person mode, using the GamePad gyroscope to look around you and aim your bow, hookshot, Picto Box, or telescope. You can store more pictographs with your improved Picto Box—handy for creating figurines—and share them with other players on Miiverse. Your pictures, game tips, and messages may also appear in another player's game. Take the adventure to new levels with Hero Mode, available from the moment you start the game. In this mode, you only regain health when you earn a new heart piece or container, use a red potion, or visit a fairy fountain. Also, your enemies do double the damage. [Nintendo]",90,9.0																		
Ori and the Blind Forest: Definitive Edition, Switch,"September 27, 2019","Ori and the Blind Forest: Definitive Edition delivers a multitude of new areas, difficulty options, and gameplay upgrades that should appeal to both new and seasoned Ori players.",90,8.6																		
ESPN NFL 2K5, PlayStation 2,"July 20, 2004","ESPN NFL 2K5 is uniting fans with a coupling of the most responsive and intense gameplay and the richest multi-player gaming experience possible. Maximum Tackling brings unique on-field control allowing gamers to go for the wrap-up tackle or deliver the big highlight hit. The addition of the V.I.P. System? allows gamers to play friends, even if they're not there! Players are invited to show off their coaching skills in Franchise mode and utilize Weekly Prep to fully plan the training schedule, intensity, and regimen each week. Full online leagues and tournament play with living rosters rounds out the most complete online experience. [Sega]",90,8.5																		
Portal, PC,"October 10, 2007","Portal is a new single player game from Valve. Set in the mysterious Aperture Science Laboratories, Portal has been called one of the most innovative new games on the horizon and offers gamers hours of unique gameplay. The game is designed to change the way players approach, manipulate, and surmise the possibilities in a given environment	 similar to how Half-Life 2's Gravity Gun innovated new ways to leverage an object in any given situation. Players must solve physical puzzles and challenges by opening portals to maneuvering objects, and themselves, through space. [Valve]",90,9.2																	
Tetris Effect, PC,"July 23, 2019","Named after a real-world phenomenon where players' brains are so engrossed that images of the iconic falling Tetrimino blocks (i.e. the Tetris playing pieces) linger in their vision, thoughts, and even dreams, Tetris Effect amplifies this magical feeling of total immersion by surrounding you with fantastic, fully three-dimensional worlds that react and evolve based on how you play. Music, backgrounds, sounds, special effects -- everything, down to the Tetris pieces themselves, pulse, dance, shimmer, and explode in perfect sync with how you're playing. From deep beneath the ocean to the furthest reaches of outer space and everywhere between, Tetris Effect's 30-plus stages take players on a wondrous, emotional journey through the universe. The core of the game is still Tetris -- one of the most popular puzzle games of all time -- but like you've never seen it, or heard it, or felt it before.",90,6.6																		
The Legend of Zelda: Phantom Hourglass, DS,"October 1, 2007","[Metacritic's 2007 DS Game of the Year] Many months have passed since the events of The Legend of Zelda: The Wind Waker, and Link, Tetra and Tetra’s band of pirates have set sail in search of new lands. They come across a patch of ocean covered in a dense fog, in which they discover an abandoned ship. Tetra falls into danger when she explores the ship alone, and Link falls into the ocean when he attempts to rescue her. When he washes up unconscious on the shores of a mysterious island, he is awakened by the sound of a fairy’s voice. With the aid of this fairy, he sets off to find Tetra – and his way back to the seas he once knew. The stylus makes controlling Link easier than ever. Tap on the screen to make Link move, or sweep the stylus around him to swing the sword. Players can even draw a path for his boomerang and send it flying into hard-to-reach targets. Players can stash the map on the top screen for quick reference or drop it to the touch screen to make notes, study enemies, or chart a path for their boat to follow while they man the cannons. Compete with a friend over a local wireless connection: Guide Link through special dungeons to capture the Triforce or command the forces that oppose him. [Nintendo]",90,8.0																		
MVP Baseball 2004, PlayStation 2,"March 9, 2004","Step up to the plate with MVP Baseball 2004. The fundamentals of hitting, pitching, fielding, and base running have been reproduced like never before to give you complete control over every aspect of the game. From swinging for the fences or protecting the plate when you have a two-strike count, the all-new batting model provides unprecedented command of each type of swing in every situation. With great gameplay and many additional features such as Pitching Challenge and Dynasty Mode, MVP Baseball 2004 wins the pennant as the most innovative and realistic baseball experience ever created. Groundbreaking Hitting Control: From hitting to the opposite field to pulling the ball down the line to swinging for the fences, every swing type is included. You Control the Field: Leap over the wall and rob home runs, hook slide to avoid tags, and take out the catcher at home with all-new player control. Pick Your Park: With all-new crowd chants, the addition of classic stadiums, and new lighting to signify various start times for your biggest games, MVP Baseball 2004 puts you in the best seat in the house. Your Dynasty Begins Now: Take full control of your franchise on all the levels -- from the minors to the pros. Play, sim, or manage each game all the way to the World Series. Swing for the Fences Online: Go yard against players across the country in one-on-one or Tournament games, while talking up your game with EA SPORTS? Talk [Electronic Arts]",90,8.5																		
Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3, Game Boy Advance,"March 4, 2002","You may not be able to live like the legend, but now you can skate like him. Skate as the legendary Tony Hawk or choose from a dream team of 12 top pro skaters, including old favorites like Lasek, Thomas, Muska, and Steamer, as well as new talent like Gilfberg, Caballero, Koston, and Mullen. Or enjoy full customization abilities with the enhanced Create-a-Skater (now including female skaters) and the Skatepark Editor. Travel from L.A. to Tokyo, Suburbia to Skater's Island performing challenges and meeting goals. New moves include the Revert, which allows you to link vert tricks, and flatland tricks such as Caspers, the Primo, and Handstand Manual. If you're good, you can even unlock hidden pro footage.",90,7.0																		
Dance Dance Revolution, PlayStation,"May 9, 2001","Dance Dance Revolution brings the dance floor to the home floor. Straight from the arcades, the hottest dancing game lets you step into the spotlight and show your moves on the PlayStation® game console. Heat up the dance floor and put your skills to the test as you move to the groove. Let the pulsating music and colorful graphics excite your senses while you become a star.",90,8.4																		
NHL 2001, PC,"September 28, 2000","High-flyin', hard hittin', intense powerplay hockey is back with EA Sports' NHL 2001, bringing gamers out of the stands and onto the ice. Lace up the skates and play with or against all 30 National Hockey League teams, including the expansion Columbus Blue Jackets and Minnesota Wild. [Electronic Arts]",90,6.5																		
Advance Wars: Dual Strike, DS,"August 22, 2005","Players lead their new Commanding Officers to fend off the Black Hole Army’s latest invasion. With massive battles that sweep across both of the DS screens, Advance Wars: Dual Strike will change the face of war forever. Use the top screen for quick-reference battle intel, or take control in battles that rage across both screens. Command a fleet of fighters high in the skies while troops clash with the enemy on the ground far below. New COs, new Tag-Team battles: Choose from new Commanding Officers, and combine their powers for incredible attacks that can turn the tide of battles. Real-time Combat mode: For a battle with a twist, players lead soldiers into a fast-paced, action-oriented battle against a storm of enemies. Easy-to-use map editor: Just grab a stylus and draw maps right on the touch screen, then send the maps to friends wirelessly. [Nintendo]",90,8.8																		
Rayman Legends, PlayStation 4,"February 18, 2014","There are several differences and new features in this PS4 version. In this version the textures of the game are more compressed, so you can see that the game’s graphics are clearer and more detailed than before. You will also see that there is no loading time when you enter or exit a level, which makes the navigation even faster and more enjoyable. Ubisoft has also integrated a new Camera Mode on PS4. By pressing the touchpad of the PS4 joystick, you pause the game and enter this mode, and by moving your fingers on the touchpad, you zoom in and out on the image and drag the image frame	 and finally, by pressing the Share button, you can take a photo and share it with everyone. This Camera Mode is a great way to observe in detail all the characters and settings of the game, and a great way of expression to create wacky images with the elements found in the game. On PS4, you can also use the touchpad to scrape the famous Lucky Tickets, then you will really feel like you’re scraping lottery tickets (with the sound of scraping straight from the PS4 joystick). Finally, in this PS4 version, you’ll also find new playable heroes: Assassin Ray (a character inspired by Edward Kenway, the hero of Assassin’s Creed IV: Black Flag), Funky Ray (a delusional character that you can unlock by using Uplay points), and Champion Ray (a character who will be offered to the best players of the community and those who live in this community	 this character correspond to the new VIP status, visible in the rankings of online challenges). [Playstation Blog]",90,8.4																
MLB 11: The Show, PlayStation 3,"March 8, 2011","The #1 selling, highest rated baseball franchise is back in MLB® The Show '11. Experience new ways to play The Show with the NEW PURE Analog controls. Team up in ALL NEW CO-OP play, get called up to the Big Leagues with new and improved Road to the Show features and compete for real world prizes in MLB® The Show's ALL NEW Challenge of the Week.",90,8.0																		
NieR: Automata - Become as Gods Edition, Xbox One,"June 26, 2018","NieR: Automata is an action RPG set in a post-apocalyptic world overrun by machine lifeforms and abandoned by mankind. As part of an android army created by humans to reclaim the planet, players will fight their way through the mechanical horde using a collective of close-combat weapons and ranged attacks.",90,9.0																		
Jak and Daxter: The Precursor Legacy, PlayStation 2,"December 3, 2001","Jak and Daxter are quite a comic duo! Jak's the strong, silent type of hero, while Daxter's the obnoxious comic nut! The adventure takes place across a massive piece of continuous coastline - you can explore freely, with no loading screens and no waiting time. All characters and environmental elements exist in real time and have incredibly smart A.I.	 you can't ignore or hide from enemies, they will follow you everywhere. (""Which is supposed to be a good thing?"") [Sony]",90,8.8																	
Star Wars Rogue Leader: Rogue Squadron II, GameCube,"November 9, 2001","Think you've got what it takes to lead the elite Rogue Squadron? Now's your chance to jump into the cockpit of an X-wing and find out. Join Luke Skywalker and the Star Wars galaxy's most daring pilots as they return to face off against the Empire. As in the original hit game for N64, you'll relive favorite Star Wars battles including the perilous Death Star trench run, a daring space attack on a Star Destroyer, and the legendary battle on the ice planet Hoth. Aerial conflict takes place in a variety of craft such as the legendary X-wing, A-wing, and B-wing. Rogue Leader immerses players in an intense action arcade experience.",90,8.6																		
Microsoft Flight Simulator, Xbox Series X,"July 27, 2021","From light planes to wide-body jets, fly highly detailed and accurate aircraft in the next generation of Microsoft Flight Simulator. Test your piloting skills against the challenges of night flying, real-time atmospheric simulation and live weather in a dynamic and living world.",90,8.0																		
Bastion, Switch,"September 13, 2018","Bastion is an original action role-playing game featuring a reactive narrator who marks your every move, lush hand-painted 2D artwork, and tight responsive gameplay that rewards playing with finesse. The game is designed to be simple to pick up and start playing, while offering a lot of rich choices around character customization as well as a deep story and gameworld you can lose yourself in.",90,7.7																		
Monster Hunter: World, Xbox One,"January 26, 2018","In Monster Hunter: World you assume the role of a hunter venturing to a new continent where you track down and slay ferocious beasts in heart-pounding battles. This new land and its diverse inhabitants play a critical role in each quest as you strategically use the surrounding environment including terrain, vegetation and wildlife to your advantage in battle or become hindered by the hazards they present. As a hunter, you must use your cunning and expertise to track and maneuver your targets throughout the intense, evolving battles. [Capcom]",90,7.1																		
Stephen's Sausage Roll, PC,"April 18, 2016",The focus of Stephen's Sausage Roll involves nudging sausages around to fully cook them.,90,5.5																		
Velocity 2X, PlayStation Vita,"September 2, 2014",Velocity 2X features puzzle-platforming action alongside top-down shoot 'em-up gameplay.,90,7.2																		
Burnout Revenge, PlayStation 2,"September 13, 2005","Burnout Revenge lets gamers rip through rush hour traffic and lay waste to scores of rubbernecking roadhogs in an over-the-top scene of vehicular mayhem. In addition to tricked out new race, crash and road rage modes, Burnout Revenge takes the series' blistering speed and spectacular destruction to dizzying new heights with an all-new Revenge mode, challenging gamers to battle the clock and unleash their frustrations on rush hour traffic. [Electronic Arts]",90,8.9																		
Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3, PC,"March 28, 2002","Featuring eight massive levels filled with people, traffic, and other interactive elements, the game's environments are brought to life with richer graphics and advanced special effects optimized for today's PC video cards. Smoother life-like animations and significantly improved tricks capture the style of the world's best skateboarding pros. Further improving on the franchise's intuitive control scheme, the game allows players to perform tricks and combos in some of the world's most popular skate locations including Los Angeles, Canada and Tokyo. The enhanced skate park editor allows gamers to create the ultimate park up to twice the size of parks in Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 2. The Create-A-Skater features a new female skater model, and the ability to modify almost every aspect of their appearance, from accessories to clothing to hair color. [Activision]",90,8.4																		
NBA 2K2, GameCube,"March 20, 2002",Prepare to post MVP numbers as you light it up with Rim-Rattling dunks then shut it down with Smothering D. NBA 2K2 brings the skills to elevate your team to the next level and the smarts to keep 'em on top.,90,7.3																		
NCAA Football 2002, PlayStation 2,"July 23, 2001","Gamers can select from any of 117 Division 1-A or 27 Division 1-AA teams. Play-by-play and color commentary are provided by ESPN's Brad Nessler, Lee Corso and Kirk Herbstreit. Brand-new team-specific playbooks emulate actual college plays run by 117 Division 1-A teams. [EA Sports]",90,8.4																		
Unreal Tournament, Dreamcast,"March 13, 2001","From the creators of Unreal comes Unreal Tournament, a competition that tests your reflexes and competitive spirit in deadly arenas. Battle 15 of your friends or customizable bots in over 30 different levels, such as pirate ships, waterfronts, speeding trains, and floating castles. Multiplayer modes include Capture the Flag, Assault, Domination, and new Deathmatch variations. With enhanced weapons--including the Impact hammer, which squashes your opponent to mush, and the Redeemer, a rocket-powered nuke--expect the body count to be high.",90,8.9																		
Deus Ex, PC,"June 23, 2000","The game that incorporates RPG, action, adventure, and 1st-person shooter genres into a chaotic blend of real-world conspiracies, cliffhangers, and plot twists. A richly simulated world of unparalleled interactivity, engineered to react logically to your every action. The decisions and consequences are yours. [Eidos Interactive]",90,9.2																		
Donkey Kong 64, Nintendo 64,"October 31, 1999","K. Rool has kidnapped the Kongs! Can Donkey Kong rescue his friends, reclaim the Golden Bananas and save his homeland from certain doom? Take out some Kremlings with Chunky's Pineapple Launcher or Lanky's Trombone. Float through the air using Tiny's Ponytail Twirl. Even rocket to the sky with Diddy's Jetbarrel!",90,8.6																		
Panzer Dragoon Orta, Xbox,"January 12, 2003","The dragon rises to power once again in Panzer Dragoon: Orta. Dragons, creatures that once ruled the skies, are now mankind's only hope against a dark empire. With humanity at war and on the brink of extinction, it's up to you and your dragon to take to the skies and assist in the rebellion. On the back of your flying friend, you'll become part of intense chases and battles with powerful enemies. In order to defeat the evil empire, you must master multiple weapons, dragon powers, and advanced attacks.",90,8.4																		
Portal: Still Alive, Xbox 360,"October 22, 2008","[Xbox Live Arcade] Portal: Still Alive features the full award-winning Portal single player game from Valve, plus a new challenge mode. Designed to change the way you approach, manipulate, and surmise the possibilities in any given environment, Portal has earned over 70 industry honors for its innovative gameplay, with more than 30 ""Game of the Year"" awards. Break the laws of physics using ""portal"" technology to solve puzzles and survive in this darkly comic story weaving adventure with brain-bending puzzles. Experience the first first-person puzzle-action-adventure game with hours of single player gaming. The game includes fourteen brand new bonus puzzles to challenge even the most skilled test subjects. And, get a glimpse into the making of Portal: Still Alive with commentary from the developers. [Valve]",90,8.6																		
Half-Life 2: Episode Two, PC,"October 10, 2007","Half-Life 2: Episode Two is the second in a trilogy of new games created by Valve that extends the award-winning and best-selling Half-Life adventure. As Dr. Gordon Freeman, you were last seen exiting City 17 with Alyx Vance as the Citadel erupted amidst a storm of unknown proportions. In Episode Two, you must battle and race against Combine forces as you traverse the White Forest to deliver a crucial information packet stolen from the Citadel to an enclave of fellow resistance scientists. Episode Two extends the award-winning Half-Life gameplay with unique weapons, vehicles, and newly-spawned creatures. [Valve]",90,9.2																		
Fez, PlayStation 4,"March 25, 2014",Gomez is a 2D man on a voyage of discovery into the mysterious 3rd dimension. Change your perspective and look at the world in a different way.,90,6.4																		
Braid, PC,"April 10, 2009","Braid is a puzzle-platformer, drawn in a painterly style, where the player manipulates the flow of time in strange and unusual ways. From a house in the city, journey to a series of worlds and solve puzzles to rescue an abducted princess. In each world, you have a different power to affect the way time behaves, and it is time's strangeness that creates the puzzles. The time behaviors include: the ability to rewind, objects that are immune to being rewound, time that is tied to space, parallel realities, time dilation, and perhaps more. Braid treats your time and attention as precious	 there is no filler in this game. Every puzzle shows you something new and interesting about the game world. Braid is a 2-D platform game where you can never die and never lose.",90,8.6																	
The Chronicles of Riddick: Escape From Butcher Bay - Developer's Cut, PC,"December 8, 2004","Set before the events of both Universal Pictures' ""The Chronicles of Riddick,"" starring Vin Diesel, and the 2000 cult classic ""Pitch Black,"" which first introduced Diesel as enigmatic anti-hero Riddick, the game tells the story of Riddick's dramatic escape from the previously inescapable triple max security slam Butcher Bay, home to the most violent prisoners in the galaxy. The Chronicles Riddick: Escape From Butcher Bay will blend action and stealth elements, as players navigate Riddick through the harsh environments of the slam - dank tunnels, dimly lit corridors, and other hazardous areas filled with guards, savage inmates and deadly creatures that prowl the darkness. [Vivendi Universal]",90,8.6																		
Shin Megami Tensei: Persona 4, PlayStation 2,"December 8, 2008","[Metacritic's 2008 PS2 Game of the Year] Shortly after an urban youth begins a year-long stay in the countryside town of Inaba, the rural town's peace is shattered by a horrific murder that leaves no clues or suspects. As the lone incident develops into a series of bizarre crimes, he discovers that only he and his friends have the power to solve the baffling case, bring those responsible to justice, and restore harmony to his new home. Balance your double life – Beyond intense battles, Persona fusion, and new weapon creation exists a normal high school life of friends, classes, and part-time jobs. The way you manage and integrate your activities within each day will determine how you progress through the game. Unprecedented team control – With a greater emphasis on developing bonds in the fight to solve the mysterious murders, strong friendships are key to your success. Directly control teammates in battle, earn greater party support for combat, and master individual Social Links to unlock your party's true potential. Find the true ending – 60+ hours of gameplay thrusts you into a deep mystery where midnight television leads to serial killings. You must investigate murders, rescue those who can be rescued, and unmask the culprit behind it all—or risk being forever shrouded in the fog of doubt. [Atlus USA]",90,7.7																		
Hollow Knight, Switch,"June 12, 2018","Hollow Knight is a 2D action-adventure game with an emphasis on traditional 2D animation and skillful gameplay. Journey to Hallownest, a vast and ancient underground kingdom inhabited by a bizarre collection of insects and monsters. Players will forge their own path as they explore ruined cities, forests of fungus, temples of bone and other fantastic lands, all on their way to uncovering an ancient mystery.",90,9.0																		
MLB 09: The Show, PlayStation 3,"March 3, 2009","Road to the Show 3.0. Now includes interactive training, new settings, a new steal/ lead-off system, presentations and coach interactions. Interactive training will consist of a set of mini-games designed to improve a player’s ability and performance in various areas of baseball. Franchise Mode 2.0. Improvements include the long awaited 40-man roster! The latest Franchise Mode improvements will also offer Salary Arbitration, Waiver Transactions and September call-ups. Training/Practice Drills. In MLB 09 users will have the ability to choose from a number of different Training/Practice drills. The drills will be of various concentrations of the game. These drills are a perfect way to polish and improve your baseball skills in The Show. Details & Subtleties. Details and subtleties play a huge role in legitimizing a game and helping you lose yourself in the suspension of disbelief. MLB 09 The Show sinks it's teeth into the details with realistic stadiums and signage, wear and tear on field, dusk to night lighting transitions, stadium Jumbotron animations and even crowd atmosphere - reaching up for foul balls out of play and home runs in addition to crowd rivalries and weather appropriate clothing. [SCEA]",90,8.1																		
Blast Corps, Nintendo 64,"February 28, 1997","A pair of defective nuclear missiles, en route to a safe detonation site, has begun to leak. Badly damaged, the carrier automatically locks onto the most direct route. Clear a path to help the carrier arrive safely. Tons of vehicles are at your disposal. Leave nothing standing or the adventure will end in an earth-shattering explosion! Find the hidden technicians to ensure a safe detonation. Strap on your seat belt, it's going to be a bumpy ride.",90,8.3																		
Shovel Knight, 3DS,"June 26, 2014","Shovel Knight is a sweeping classic action adventure game with memorable characters and an 8-bit retro aesthetic created by Yacht Club Games. You play as the eponymous Shovel Knight, a small knight with a huge quest. Shovel Knight has come to this valley with two goals: to defeat the evil Enchantress and save his lost beloved. He wields a ShovelBlade	 a multipurpose weapon whose techniques have now been lost to the ages. Always honest and helpful, Shovel Knight is a shining example of the code of Shovelry: Slash Mercilessly and Dig Tirelessly. However, between Shovel Knight and his beloved stands a cadre of villainous knights. These terrible foes, known as The Order of No Quarter, have been dispatched to prevent Shovel Knight from reaching the Enchantress at any cost.",90,8.3																	
Ori and the Will of the Wisps, Xbox One,"March 11, 2020","The little spirit Ori is no stranger to peril, but when a fateful flight puts the owlet Ku in harm’s way, it will take more than bravery to bring a family back together, heal a broken land, and discover Ori’s true destiny. From the creators of the acclaimed action-platformer Ori and the Blind Forest comes the highly anticipated sequel. Embark on an all-new adventure in a vast world filled with new friends and foes that come to life in stunning, hand-painted artwork. Set to a fully orchestrated original score, Ori and the Will of the Wisps continues the Moon Studios tradition of tightly crafted platforming action and deeply emotional storytelling.",90,8.8																		
MVP Baseball 2004, Xbox,"March 9, 2004","Step up to the plate with MVP Baseball 2004. The fundamentals of hitting, pitching, fielding, and base-running have been reproduced realistically to give you complete control over every aspect of the game. From swinging for the fences or protecting the plate when you have a two-strike count, the all-new batting model provides unprecedented command of each type of swing in every situation. With solid gameplay and many additional features such as Pitching Challenge and Dynasty Mode, MVP Baseball 2004 allows you to experience the game like never before.",90,7.8																		
Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 4, Xbox,"October 23, 2002","Drop into the ultimate challenge. In the next chapter in the Tony Hawk series, pros challenge you to make your mark in huge free-roaming levels, taking on 190 progressively harder goals with no time limits to hold you back. Decide when you're ready to take on your Pro Challenge and move into the pro ranks, where it's a whole new game. Build your skills, perform all-new tricks, play up to eight players online, and show that you've got what it takes to go Pro.",90,8.4																		
Sid Meier's Civilization III, PC,"October 30, 2001","In Civilization III, you'll find new pathways to explore and strategies to employ, greatly expanded diplomacy, more powerful combat, a new trade system, new technologies, more powerful tools to build and manage your empire, and the most detailed and beautiful art, animations and sound ever found in the genre. [Infogrames]",90,8.4																		
NFL 2K2, Dreamcast,"September 19, 2001",Fans of the NFL 2K series will undoubtedly find that it's hard not to like NFL 2K2.,90,7.1																		
WWF SmackDown! 2: Know Your Role, PlayStation,"November 21, 2000","Prepare for the most outrageous WF experience ever created. Brawl in the ring, backstage, in the VIP room, the parking lot of the new WF New York. Let your fury rage in the new Tornado Tag Team mode. If that's not hardcore enough, pull out the tables, ladders or chairs and really get nasty.",90,8.4																		
LIMBO, Xbox 360,"July 21, 2010","[Xbox Live Arcade] Uncertain of his sister's fate, a boy enters LIMBO.",90,8.4																		
Mark of the Ninja, Xbox 360,"September 7, 2012",Mark of the Ninja is a side-scrolling stealth action game from Klei Entertainment that combines fluid 2D animation with intense stealth gameplay.,90,7.4																		
Silent Hunter III, PC,"March 15, 2005","Command the cunning and deadly U-boats of the North Atlantic and experience the tension-filled atmosphere of a WWII submarine movie. The king of submarine simulations returns with an all-new 3D game engine, new crew-command features, and more realistic action than ever before. The game includes a career campaign, patrols that have both single and historical missions, a mission editor, and a multiplayer feature. Whether it’s stalking destroyers or hiding from depth charges, players will experience their own personal war story. The spectacular graphics, multiplayer options, and suspenseful gameplay combine to create the most impressive submarine simulation ever. [Ubisoft]",90,7.8																		
Bayonetta, PC,"April 11, 2017","Bayonetta is a cinematic and stylish action game from the creative mind of Hideki Kamiya. As a gun-wielding witch with powers beyond the comprehension of mere mortals, Bayonetta faces-off against countless enemies in a game of 100% pure all-out action. Outlandish finishing moves are performed with acrobatic grace as Bayonetta flows from one fight to another. Bayonetta pushes the limits of the action genre with magnificent over-the-top action and fast-paced, dynamic climax combat.",90,8.1																		
Assassin's Creed: Brotherhood, PlayStation 3,"November 16, 2010","The critically acclaimed single-player experience of Assassin's Creed is back and better than ever as Ezio returns in an epic struggle against the powerful Templar Order. Now a legendary Master Assassin, he must journey into Italy's greatest city, Rome, center of power, greed and corruption to strike at the heart of the enemy. Defeating the corrupt tyrants entrenched there will require not only strength, but leadership, as Ezio commands an entire Brotherhood that will rally to his side. Only by working together can the Assassins defeat their mortal enemies.",90,8.3																		
Okami, Wii,"April 15, 2008","Okami tells the story of a mythical sun god who sets out to restore a dismal world, decimating the forces of evil who stand in the way by commanding the elements and mythical abilities the deity possesses. Mixing Japanese folklore and a stunning traditional Japanese art style, players must utilize an inventive control scheme to overcome the challenges and evil that await. By enhancing the unique gameplay, visual style and story line of Okami with the control of the Wii Remote, it is sure to be the ultimate version of the game. Originally designed for the PS2 and released in 2006, Okami now comes alive in an entirely new way on the Wii with its visually stunning art style and beautiful scenic 3D levels that have the appearance and texture of paper scrolls brushed with watercolor-like calligraphy art. Throughout the vibrant and distinctive surroundings, players must use the Wii remote to interact with a dynamic world and cast of characters. The blend of stylized graphics, movements and unique gameplay will result in a rich and dynamic experience never seen before. [Capcom]",90,8.8																		
Super Meat Boy, Xbox 360,"October 20, 2010",Super Meat Boy is a tough as nails platformer where you play as an animated cube of meat who's trying to save his girlfriend (who happens to be made of bandages) from an evil fetus in a jar wearing a tux.,90,8.0																		
Grand Theft Auto: Chinatown Wars, PSP,"October 20, 2009","Grand Theft Auto: Chinatown Wars is an entirely original entry into the critically acclaimed Grand Theft Auto series, and brings a new level of interactivity to its sprawling open environments. Players navigate their way through the streets as they uncover the truth behind an epic tale of crime and corruption within the Triad crime syndicate, delivering the unprecedented amount of depth that has become a true trademark of the franchise.",90,7.4																		
Dead Space 2, Xbox 360,"January 25, 2011","Hero Isaac Clarke returns for another heart-pounding adventure, taking the fight to the Necromorphs in this thrilling action-horror experience. New tools to gruesomely slice and dismember the Necromorphs complement Isaac's signature Plasma Cutter, empowering him as he meets new characters, explores epic Zero-G environments, and fights against a relentless necromorph onslaught. Survival isn't the only thing on Isaac's mind in Dead Space 2 – this time, he calls the shots. [Electronic Arts]",90,8.6																		
Pikmin 2, GameCube,"August 30, 2004","Captain Olimar has returned to the planet where the Pikmin live, and he's all business this time. The company he works for is going bankrupt, so to save it, Olimar must salvage the treasure buried all over the planet. Of course, he'll need the help of the Pikmin to do that--he can't do anything by himself. Control one of two main characters--Olimar or his assistant--as you command your Pikmin to defeat enemies, propagate more Pikmin, collect precious doodads, and solve puzzles. With unlimited time, new colors of Pikmin, and two-player cooperative play, Pikmin 2 improves on the original in many ways.",90,9.0																		
Okami HD, PlayStation 3,"October 30, 2012","In Okami, the legendary monster Orochi has come back to life and turned the world into a veritable wasteland. Players must assume the role of a wolf, an embodiment of the sun god Amaterasu, which is capable of wielding unimaginable power. The state of the world lies in gamer's hands as they must fight ominous beings and reclaim the earth from a curse that plagues it. It is crucial to help Amaterasu make the world a place where all living creatures can dwell once again. [Capcom]",90,9.0																		
NBA 2K17, Xbox One,"September 16, 2016",NBA 2K17 promises to take the game to new heights and continue to blur the lines between video game and reality.,90,5.9																		
Madden NFL 2002, Xbox,"October 29, 2001","Madden NFL™ 2002 delivers unparalleled heart-felt emotion and hard-hitting NFL action. Taking you beyond broadcast, and on to the field, Madden NFL 2002 puts the NFL at your fingertips in Exhibition, Season, Playoff, Two-Minute Drill, Tournament or Franchise mode. Completely remodeled player models and facial textures put life in the helmets. From the pre-game introductions with players getting hype in front of the cameras, to one of the 31 Officially licensed members of the NFL Coaches Club displaying disgust after an unexecuted play, Madden NFL 2002 is an emotional roller coaster of dramatic gameplay filled with the passionate imagery of the NFL.",90,7.6																		
Grandia II, Dreamcast,"December 6, 2000","Ryudo has been hired to protect a young priestess who must participate in a ceremony to halt the encroaching rebirth of Valmar, the God of Darkness. Embroiled between the forces of good and evil, Ryudo must follow his destiny and save the people he detests so much.",90,8.7																		
Geometry Wars: Retro Evolved 2, Xbox 360,"July 30, 2008","[Xbox Live Arcade] Experience the adrenaline rush from playing the latest version of the frenetic retro shooter Geometry Wars: Retro Evolved 2. New features include six action-packed gameplay modes, new enemies, new scoring strategies, and a diverse list of exciting achievements. If that's not crazy enough for you, try multiplayer mayhem for up to four players. Use power-ups in versus mode to boost your stats or handicap your opponent, or team up with others in co-op mode. Play it all in razor-sharp 1080p to new pulse-pounding music. Unlock all six of these innovative and challenging modes -- Deadline, Evolved, King, Pacifism, Waves, and Sequence. Achievements: Go for 12 entertaining and inventive ways to boost your gamerscore. Geoms: Collect Geoms to increase your multiplier -- but act fast, they won't last forever! New enemies: Shoot down all the usual suspects, then say ""Hello"" to new enemies that have found additional ways to hunt you down. [Activision]",90,8.3																		
Sid Meier's Civilization V, PC,"September 21, 2010","With over nine million units sold worldwide, and unprecedented critical acclaim from fans and press around the world, Sid Meier's Civilization is recognized as one of the greatest strategy franchises of all-time. Now, Firaxis Games will take this incredibly fun and addictive strategy game to unprecedented heights by adding new ways to play and win	 new tools to manage and expand your civilization	 extensive modding capabilities	 and intensely competitive multiplayer options. Civilization V will come to life in a beautifully detailed, living world that will elevate the gameplay experience to a whole new level making it a must-have for gamers around the globe!",90,8.0															
Super Mario 3D Land, 3DS,"November 13, 2011","Get Ready for a New Spin on a Familiar Tail. Super Mario 3D Land reinvents everything fans love about Mario gaming with the first platforming environment in true 3D, without the need for special glasses. Players will experience a new sense of depth, distance and speed while running, jumping and stomping on enemies throughout the levels. Tanooki Mario returns: The fan-favorite Tanooki suit makes its first appearance on the Nintendo 3DS. Use the Tanooki suit’s tail to attack enemies or float gently down from great heights. These abilities help players move through the 3D environments with more confidence. 3D visuals make it easier for players to judge the depths and distances in their environments. Players can more accurately judge the jump to the next platform or how far Mario is from a question block. New and familiar abilities add unique game-play strategies to the adventure. Mario can perform a rolling somersault attack or run fast with a dash move. The Circle Pad gives players complete control to confidently move Mario through fun and challenging environments. New enemies include Goombas with tails, tall stacks of Goombas and a Piranha Plant that spits ink to obscure a player’s view. [Nintendo]",90,8.4																		
Mario Kart 8 DLC Pack 2, Wii U,"April 23, 2015",Downloadable goodies for MK 8 players.,90,8.9																		
Falcon 4.0: Allied Force, PC,"June 28, 2005","Pilot three different variants of the F-16 Fighting Falcon -- the best multi-role fighter ever built -- including Block 40, Block 50/52 and MLU variants. Ultra-high fidelity physics modeling closely simulates actual aircraft performance. Engage the enemy in two operational theaters -- Korea and the Balkans -- each covering over a million square Kilometers of territory. Dogfight over a wide variety of landscapes: wide seas, open grasslands, dense forests and snow capped mountains. Fly nap-of-earth missions through detailed terrain and undulating valleys. Launch a variety of air-to-air missiles like the AIM-120 AMRAAM and AIM-9 Sidewinder. Deploy a vast array of air-to-ground weaponry including the AGM-65 Maverick, AGM-88 HARM, cluster bombs, slick and high drag bombs and laser guided ordnance. Weapon systems are simulated using the most accurate publicly available specifications. Simulate an entire war with the most advanced dynamic campaign engine ever made for your PC. This remarkable feature presides over tens of thousands of vehicles: air, land and sea. No two missions ever fly the same! [Graphsim]",90,7.7																		
Deus Ex: Human Revolution, PC,"August 23, 2011","In Deus Ex: Human Revolution you play Adam Jensen, a security specialist, handpicked to oversee the defense of one of America's most experimental biotechnology firms. But when a black ops team breaks in and kills the scientists you were hired to protect, everything you thought you knew about your job changes. At a time when scientific advancements are routinely turning athletes, soldiers and spies into super-enhanced beings, someone is working very hard to ensure mankind's evolution follows a particular path. You need to discover why - because the decisions you take and the choices you make will be the only things that can determine mankind's future.",90,8.5																		
XCOM: Enemy Unknown, Xbox 360,"October 9, 2012","From the makers of the Civilization series comes a game about humanity’s final stand. Threatened by an unknown foe, the Earth’s governments come together to form a stealth paramilitary organization known as XCOM to combat this extraterrestrial assault. At the helm of XCOM, you command the global defense team in battle against a frightening alien invasion. Determine the destiny of the human race by building and co-coordinating a fully operational base, researching alien tech, formulating combat missions, and choreographing soldier movement in battle.",90,8.3																		
Metroid Prime 3: Corruption, Wii,"August 27, 2007","If you think you knew what it felt like to be the bounty hunter behind the visor, think again. Take aim at evil with Nintendo's revolutionary controller. Players control Samus by moving with the Nunchuk controller and aiming with the pointer, allowing for a level of immersion unlike anything they have ever experienced. Through the eyes of Samus, players experience a quantum leap in first-person control as they wield the Wii Remote, the ultimate device for the first-person shooter genre. Samus employs well-known power-ups like the Grapple Beam and Morph Ball, as well as a bunch of new surprises, to help her survive her coming trials. Saving the planets from Corruption isn't enough, though. Eventually, players must take down Samus' mortal enemy, Dark Samus. [Nintendo]",90,8.8																		
Monster Hunter: World, PlayStation 4,"January 26, 2018","In Monster Hunter: World you assume the role of a hunter venturing to a new continent where you track down and slay ferocious beasts in heart-pounding battles. This new land and its diverse inhabitants play a critical role in each quest as you strategically use the surrounding environment including terrain, vegetation and wildlife to your advantage in battle or become hindered by the hazards they present. As a hunter, you must use your cunning and expertise to track and maneuver your targets throughout the intense, evolving battles. [Capcom]",90,7.7																		
Flight Simulator 2002, PC,"October 19, 2001","Includes a wide variety of aircraft for you to fly-from a new Cessna 172S single-engine trainer and a Caravan floatplane to the Boeing 747-400 jumbo jet. You can splash down in a lake, hover in the Bell 206B JetRanger III helicopter, or practice aerobatics in the Extra 300S. [Microsoft]",90,7.3																		
Banjo-Tooie, Nintendo 64,"November 19, 2000","Two years after Banjo Kazooie, Banjo and the gang are playing cards when an earthquake happens. Eagerly Mumbo goes out to investigate. He sees two hideous witches reviving Grunty. Mumbo goes back to investigate. Grunty shoots a laser beam at Banjo's house. Mumbo warns everyone but Bottles doesn't belive him. Grunty blows up Banjo's house with Bottles inside and sets off to get her body back. Motivated by revenge Banjo sets out to stop Grunty and revive Bottles.",90,8.8																		
Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons, PC,"September 3, 2013",Two sons must set out on a perilous journey to bring back the Water of Life to their ailing father.,90,8.5																		
Dota 2, PC,"July 9, 2013",Dota 2 features the characters and factions from the original Defense of the Ancients title with new features.,90,6.5																		
World Soccer Winning Eleven 8 International, Xbox,"February 2, 2005","Winning Eleven 8 once again raises the bar with in-depth gameplay, improved realism and increased control. The game now features all the teams from the Italian, Spanish and Dutch leagues under the official license. Featuring 136 club teams and 57 national teams, Winning Eleven 8 offers gamers control of up to 4,500 of the world's greatest soccer players. The game introduces a wealth of new moves and tricks including new free kick and penalty kick techniques, an innovative indirect free kick move and a new dribbling system that offers more control as gamers go one-on-one and try to pass opposing players. Also featured is the first-ever on-screen referee in the history of the series. Boasting an enhanced ref AI, the referee will run up and down the field reacting realistically and instinctively to fouls, giving advantage for minor infringements and even stepping in to calm things down when the action gets heated. Winning Eleven 8 also features improvements to the popular Master League, which now has more strategy through player development and injury, and a new 'My Best Eleven' option so fans can save their greatest teams.",90,7.7																		
TimeSplitters 2, PlayStation 2,"October 9, 2002","The evil race of TimeSplitters are traveling back into human history authoring events that are leading to the enslavement of mankind. In Control of a motley crew of renegade characters you must hunt down the TimeSplitters across time in historical eras like the gangster- Ridden 1920's, the lush jungles of Aztec temples, soviet military installations of the cold war and Futuristic robot factories in space. To end the evil plot of the TimeSplitters, seek and recover the crystals required to seal the rift in time. The Fate of humanity is in your hands. [Eidos Interactive]",90,8.7																		
Guild Wars 2, PC,"August 28, 2012","Guild Wars 2 draws from the game mechanics that made the original Guild Wars one of the most popular online games and adds a fully persistent world. Like its predecessors, Guild Wars 2 does not have a subscription fee. Guild Wars Eye of the North provide a Hall of Monuments where players' accomplishments are memorialized and eventually inherited by their Guild Wars 2 characters, unlocking exclusive items and bonuses in Guild Wars 2. [NCsoft]",90,8.0																		
Forza Motorsport 2, Xbox 360,"May 29, 2007","From the all-new world famous Nürburgring Nordschleife and Sebring tracks to the spectator-lined streets of New York City in the New York Circuit, race on meticulously designed tracks with an incredible sense of speed and realism. Forza Motorsport 2 features over 60 tracks carved out of 18 environments, including 13 real-world licensed circuits such as Road America, Silverstone, Tsukuba, and Laguna Seca. Four new real-world licensed circuits further expand the world of Forza Motorsport 2. Collect, upgrade, and tune hundreds of cars. From sport compacts to purpose-built race cars, collect more than 300 cars from over 50 of the world’s leading manufacturers including Ferrari, Porsche, Nissan, VW, GM, and Lamborghini. Take your car to the garage and install alternative engines, suspension kits, bolt-on superchargers, brakes, rims, racing slicks, and more. Dial in advanced suspension settings, tire pressure, and gear ratios. Forza Motorsport 2 allows you to own the cars that will own the competition. Create and share your masterpiece with the world. Express your inner artist in the paint and upgrade shops with near endless visual personalization. Customize the shape of your car by combining different licensed rims, performance parts, and aftermarket body kits. Create your own unique paint scheme using millions of paint and decal options. Take in-game pictures of your creation in the Forza Motorsport 2 photo mode. Take your personalized car onto Xbox Live for some intense online wheel-to-wheel racing. Earn in-game credits and even complete single player career objectives while racing over Xbox Live. Watch the best racers from around the world complete on Forza Motorsport 2 TV. [Microsoft]",90,8.3																		
Tales From The Borderlands: Episode 5 - The Vault of the Traveler, PlayStation 4,"October 20, 2015","In the final episode of the season, all hell is breaking loose. Jack is now in control of Helios' systems, and he is ready to reclaim his rightful place as king of Hyperion - with or without you. It's a mad dash to get out of the chaotic space station alive, as everyone scrambles to grab the final Gortys piece and high tail it back to Pandora. Can you guide our motley crew through perilous corporate dangers in hopes of getting some copious alien riches? Loyalties will be tested, secrets will be revealed, and explosions will be in large supply in this final chapter of Tales From The Borderlands.",90,7.9																		
Pushmo, 3DS,"December 8, 2011","(Also known at ""Pullblox"" in the UK/EU) Pushmo is a puzzle-action game in which you pull and push blocks to create a place to stand so you can jump up and down on your way to a goal. At first glance, some places may look out of reach, but if you use your head, you just may see a way to the goal...",90,8.3																		
The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt - Hearts of Stone, PlayStation 4,"October 12, 2015","Hearts of Stone features over ten hours of new adventures and introduces new characters, powerful monsters, unique romance, and an entirely new storyline shaped by gamer choices. The expansion also introduces a new system of Runewords that significantly affects gameplay. Each Runeword impacts a different aspect of in-game mechanics and allows the players to experiment with various strategies and tactics. [CD Projekt]",90,9.0																		
Metal Gear Solid HD Collection, Xbox 360,"November 8, 2011","Metal Gear Solid HD Collection bundles Metal Gear Solid 2: Sons of Liberty, Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater and Metal Gear Solid: Peace Walker and updates them with HD visuals.",90,8.8																		
Viewtiful Joe, PlayStation 2,"August 24, 2004","Welcome to the world of Viewtiful Joe! Capcom's innovative super hero action game that mixes funky cartoon-style visuals with classic side-scrolling gameplay and introduces the world?s quirkiest million dollar action hero... Joe! More than just any ordinary dude, Joe must transform into the ultimate superhero. It?s up to you to activate the correct view mode like ""Slow"" or ""Zoom In"" in order to clobber your enemies with beautiful style! You can also speed up or slow down your visual effects for even more ""viewtiful"" moves. Viewtiful Joe redefines action games by mixing innovative ""viewpoint"" fighting into amazing cartoon meets noir environments. [Capcom]",90,8.3																		
Madden NFL 2005, GameCube,"August 9, 2004","Madden NFL 2005 introduces the Hit Stick, a new feature that lets players turn a game around with a crucial tackle. Along with all-new defensive preplay controls and defensive artificial intelligence enhancements, the defense now has a diverse arsenal of weapons available. Also, the depth of Franchise mode grows with the addition of Storyline Central, a weekly radio talk show that discusses current stories regarding your team and the league. With even more Franchise mode additions, hundreds of new animations, and the new Create-a-Fan feature, Madden NFL 2005 takes the series to the next level.",90,6.8																		
Tiger Woods PGA Tour 2003, GameCube,"October 27, 2002","From towering drives to picture-perfect putts, the essence of golf has been captured in Tiger Woods PGA Tour 2003. The game features plenty of challenging courses such as Pebble Beach Golf Links and Royal Birkdale. Plus, you can choose from a variety of professional golfers, each with their own strengths and weaknesses. Hit the course as Tiger Woods or put your skills up against his in a one-on-one showdown, but either way, be prepared to bring your best game.",90,6.7																		
Freedom Force, PC,"March 24, 2002","From a distant corner of the galaxy, an evil alien race sets in motion a sinister plan to conquer the Earth. They unleash a powerful catalyst - Energy X - that imbues the planet's worst miscreants with super-powers to bring the planet to its knees. Now Earth's only hope lies with a new breed of heroes... The Freedom Force! Command a squad of comic book heroes in the defense of Patriot City. Choose from over a dozen heroes or create your own comic champions. Fight for freedom in over 20 action-packed missions. Restore order in a completely interactive 3D world. Take your heroes online and join the fight in multiplayer mode. [Electronic Arts]",90,7.8																		
NBA 2K2, Xbox,"February 27, 2002","Sega Sports unleashes its award-winning NBA franchise on the next-generation basketball court with NBA 2K2. Building upon a foundation of vibrant graphics and crisp, detailed player animation, NBA 2K2 talks the talk and walks the walk! Use the versatile low post game to drop step around your defender and explode past him for a posterizing dunk. Tight AI defenders take away the baseline, deftly rotate to the open man, and establish rebounding position in the paint. Sharper skills and smarter D elevate your game to a higher level and make NBA 2K2 the one to beat on the Xbox™ game consoles.",90,7.6																		
Colin McRae Rally 2.0, PlayStation,"December 5, 2000",Colin McRae Rally 2.0 represents one of the most solidly addictive racing experiences that money can buy.,90,8.4																		
FIFA Soccer 13, Xbox 360,"September 25, 2012","The way players control the ball has been transformed, eliminating near-perfect touch for every player on the pitch, and creating more opportunities for defenders to win back possession. Poor passes are harder to control, enabling defenders to capitalize on errant balls and poor touches. Factors such as defensive pressure, trajectory of the ball, and velocity of the pass all factor into a player’s success.",90,6.3																		
Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 1 + 2, PlayStation 5,"March 26, 2021","Drop back in with the most iconic skateboarding games ever made. Play Tony Hawk's Pro Skater & Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 2 in one epic collection, rebuilt from the ground up in incredible HD. All the pro skaters, levels and tricks are back and fully-remastered, plus more. Skate in super crisp 120 FPS at 1080P or 60 FPS in native 4K. Watch the levels come to life using sharper dynamic shadows, reflections, and lens flare, plus enhanced skater textures. The PS5 enhancements don’t stop at audio and visual upgrades, either. Major features include: 120 FPS @1080p Native 4k @60FPS SSD & Immediacy Haptic feedback via the DualSense wireless controller Spatialized Audio High Fidelity Atmospherics Activities and Game Help Cross-Gen Progression",90,7.1																		
Into the Breach, PC,"February 27, 2018",Control powerful mechs from the future to defeat an alien threat. Each attempt to save the world presents a new randomly generated challenge in this turn-based strategy game.,90,7.8																		
Chicory: A Colorful Tale, PC,"June 10, 2021","Something terrible happened. Chicory, superstar artist and wielder of the Brush, is missing, and all the color in the land vanished with her. It's up to you, Chicory's number one fan, to pick up the Brush and fill in for her. It's a big job but you're ready for it! Probably! Chicory: A Colorful Tale is a top-down adventure game in a coloring book world where you can draw on anything. Use your painting powers to explore new places, solve puzzles, help your friends, and change the world!",90,7.5																		
LIMBO, PlayStation 3,"July 19, 2011","LIMBO, a black and white puzzle-platforming adventure, puts players in the role of a young boy traveling through an eerie and treacherous world in an attempt to discover the fate of his sister.",90,8.0																		
GTR 2, PC,"September 29, 2006","Extending the ground-breaking physics engine found in GTR, GTR 2 takes the thrill of driving to new heights. GTR 2, which is the official simulation of the FIA GT championship, features more than 140 high detailed cars and 34 different track-layouts in a hyper realistic racing world with breathtaking real-world-like effects. With a revolutionary Driving School Mode, GTR 2 will teach everybody how to become a real race driver. [10Tacle Studios]",90,8.6																		
Sekiro: Shadows Die Twice, PlayStation 4,"March 22, 2019","Your death won’t come easily. Enter the world of late 1500s Sengoku Japan	 a brutal, bloody period of constant life-and-death conflict. As tensions rise, a compelling new story unfolds amongst the chaos. Introducing Sekiro: Shadows Die Twice, a dark and twisted new gameplay experience developed by the renowned team at FromSoftware and published by Activision. Directed by Hidetaka Miyazaki, Sekiro: Shadows Die Twice is a third-person, action-adventure game with RPG elements. The single-player game puts players in the protagonist role of a hard-hearted warrior whose mission is to rescue his master, a young lord, and exact revenge on his arch nemesis. As “Sekiro,” or the “one-armed wolf,” players discover the many ways to strategically approach combat and engage enemies. [Activision]",90,8.3																	
Yakuza 0, Xbox One,"February 26, 2020","Tokyo 1988. Getting rich is easy, the women are beautiful, and everyone wants in on the action. It's time to become Yakuza. The glitz, glamour, and unbridled decadence of the 80s are back in Yakuza 0! Fight like hell through Tokyo and Osaka with protagonist Kazuma Kiryu and series regular Goro Majima. Play as Kazuma Kiryu and discover how he finds himself in a world of trouble when a simple debt collection goes wrong and his mark winds up murdered. Then, step into the silver-toed shoes of Goro Majima and explore his ""normal"" life as the proprietor of a cabaret club. Switch between three different fighting styles instantaneously and beat up all manner of goons, thugs, hoodlums, and lowlifes. Take combat up a notch by using environmental objects such as bicycles, sign posts, and car doors for bone-crunching combos and savage take-downs. Fighting is not the only way to kill time in 1988's Japan: from discos and hostess clubs to classic SEGA arcades, there are tons of distractions to pursue in the richly detailed, neon-lit world. Interact with the colourful denizens the red light district: help a budding S&M dominatrix learn her profession, or ensure a street performer can make it to the bathroom in time there are 100 incredible stories to discover.",90,8.0																		
NBA 2K13, PlayStation 3,"October 2, 2012","For the first time ever, all dribble moves have been mapped to the right analog stick, as well as shooting, passing, and post moves. String together devastating crossovers and clutch shots for maximum control and effectiveness. Shots are now dynamically created on the fly, with all-new collision physics created in real-time. Each player has individualized abilities that can alter the course of a game. Players are modeled to impact the game in their own unique way, from Derrick Rose as a “Floor General” to Kevin Durant being “The Closer.” Learn to use each player’s unique ability and change the game on your terms. Improved fast break passing gives players more control. Fire a bounce pass to a cutting teammate or go “Lob City” in transition.",90,8.0																		
Grand Theft Auto IV, PC,"December 2, 2008","(Also known as ""GTA IV"") What does the American Dream mean today? For Niko Belic, fresh off the boat from Europe. It's the hope he can escape his past. For his cousin, Roman, it is the vision that together they can find fortune in Liberty City, gateway to the land of opportunity. As they slip into debt and are dragged into a criminal underworld by a series of shysters, thieves and sociopaths, they discover that the reality is very different from the dream in a city that worships money and status, and is heaven for those who have them an a living nightmare for those who don't. The PC version features an ""expanded"" multiplayer mode. [Rockstar Games]",90,7.0																		
Total War: Shogun 2, PC,"March 15, 2011","Shogun 2 is the ultimate refinement of the original formula with a new, cutting-edge AI, more polish and online functionality than ever before. The result is the perfect mix of real-time and turn-based strategy gaming that invites both veterans of Total War and new players to experience the enjoyment and depth of the series.",90,8.4																		
Empire: Total War, PC,"March 3, 2009","Empire: Total War is set in the 18th century, a turbulent era that is the most requested by Total War’s loyal fan base and a period alive with global conflict, revolutionary fervour and technological advances. The game features themes such as the Industrial Revolution, America's struggle for independence, the race to control Eastern trade routes and the globalisation of war on land and sea. Empire: Total War sees the debut of 3D naval combat within the Total War franchise. PC Gamers intuitively command vast fleets or single ships upon seascapes rich with extraordinary water and weather effects that play a huge role in your eventual glorious success or ignominious defeat. After pummelling your enemy with cannon fire, close in to grapple their ship and prepare to board taking control your men as they fight hand to hand on the decks. Empire: Total War also sees further enhancements to the Total War series signature 3D battles and turn based campaign map. Real time battles pose new challenges with the addition of cannon and musket, challenging players to master new formations and tactics as a result of the increasing role of gunpowder within warfare. And the Campaign Map – for many the heart of Total War – will see new improved systems for Trade, Diplomacy and Espionage with agents, a refined and streamlined UI, improved Advisors and extended scope taking in the riches of India, the turbulence of Europe and the untapped potential of North America. [Sega]",90,7.0																		
Mass Effect Legendary Edition, Xbox One,"May 14, 2021","For many months now, our team at BioWare has been hard at work updating the textures, shaders, models, effects and technical features of three enormous games. Our goal was not to remake or reimagine the original games, but to modernize the experience so that fans and new players can experience the original work in its best possible form. It's been amazing to see the adventures of Commander Shepard take on new life in super-sharp resolution, faster framerates, and beautiful visual enhancements. Mass Effect Legendary Edition will include single-player base content and DLC from Mass Effect, Mass Effect 2, and Mass Effect 3, plus promo weapons, armors, and packs - all remastered and optimized for 4k Ultra HD. It will be available in Spring 2021 for Xbox One, PlayStation 4, and PC, with forward compatibility and targeted enhancements on Xbox Series X and PlayStation 5.",90,6.4																		
Rayman Legends, Xbox 360,"September 3, 2013","Rayman Legends is the follow-up to last year's Rayman Origins and aims to bring multiplayer interactions for you to use. The Glade of Dreams is in trouble again. During a 100-year nap, the nightmares multiplied and spread, creating new monsters even scarier than before. These creatures are the stuff of legend… Dragons, giant toads, sea monsters, and even evil luchadores. With the help of Murfy, Rayman and Globox awake and must now help fight these nightmares and save the Teensies.",90,8.2																		
Astro Bot: Rescue Mission, PlayStation 4,"October 2, 2018","Astro Bot Rescue Mission is a platformer, developed exclusively for use with PS VR. Take control of Astro the captain Bot and go on an epic VR rescue mission to save your fellow Bots who are dispersed all over space.",90,8.9																		
Bayonetta + Bayonetta 2, Switch,"February 16, 2018","The Witch is Back. The witching hour strikes again. Brimming with intricate battles that take place in, on and all over epic set pieces, Bayonetta 2 finds our sassy heroine battling angels and demons in unearthly beautiful HD. You're bound to love how it feels to string together combos with unimaginable weapons and to summon demons using Bayonetta's Wicked Weave in this frantic stylized action game. Bayonetta 2 is a Wii U exclusive. Bayonetta comes packed in with the purchase of every retail packaged version of Bayonetta 2. Features: -Initiate the new Umbran Climax technique to temporarily summon demons and boost Bayonetta's attack power and range whenever you fill her magic gauge. -Fight with new over-the-top weapons that open new possibilities to the way you battle, including the Kafka, a bow that shoots poisonous arrows	 the Rakshasa, a pair of beautiful katana blades	 and a giant rifle-inspired scythe known as the Chernobog. -Team up with a friend in Tag Climax, a two-player online co-op mode. Enjoy a little friendly competition by trying to deal the most damage as you work together to take down angels and demons. -In online quick matches, you can wager halos, the in-game currency that you earn by defeating enemies. You receive a large sum back if you can prove you're a better fighter than your partner. Halos can then be traded in a story mode shop to unlock new techniques, buy accessories and pick up alternate weapon variations. -Every chapter ends with a medal ranking: Stone, Bronze, Silver, Gold, Platinum or Pure Platinum. The more skilled you are, the higher your ranking. -This game is approachable for players of all levels, with settings of three difficulty levels. Through Touch Play, you can play with the GamePad stylus and touch screen, regardless of which difficulty you choose.",90,8.7																
Kentucky Route Zero - Act IV, PC,"July 20, 2016","Kentucky Route Zero is a magical realistic adventure game about a secret highway in the caves beneath Kentucky, and the mysterious folks who travel it.",90,6.3																		
Guacamelee! Super Turbo Championship Edition, Wii U,"July 2, 2014","Guacamelee! is a Metroid-vania style action-platformer set in a magical Mexican inspired world. The game draws its inspiration from traditional Mexican culture and folklore, and features many interesting and unique characters. Guacamelee builds upon the classic open-world Metroid-vania style of games, by adding a strong melee combat component, a new dimension switching mechanic, and cooperative same-screen multiplayer for the entire story. The game also blurs the boundaries between combat and platforming by making many of the moves useful and necessary for both of these.",90,7.7																		
NBA 2K12, Xbox 360,"October 4, 2011",The NBA 2k Franchise is back with NBA 2K12.,90,7.7																		
ESPN NHL Hockey, PlayStation 2,"September 9, 2003","ESPN NHL Hockey brings you authentic box scores, overlays, stats and more - fully capturing the atmosphere of an ESPN NHL broadcast. Groundbreaking Graphics Engine ? Pushing the hardware to new limits, player models and faces, environmental effects, arenas, cut-scenes, uniforms and more are meticulously detailed - raising realism to a new level. Top-Notch Commentary- A superstar booth features the best in the business, as ESPN?s Gary Thorne and Bill Clement deliver smart play-by-play and color commentary with situational analysis and true ESPN flavor. Got Skills? - Put your skills to the test against the NHL?s best as you compete for the title in all of the NHL?s All-Star skills challenges. Mini-Games Galore ? Including ""Mini-Rink,"" a fast-paced 2 on 2 intense hockey experience, Pond Hockey, and enhanced skills events.",90,7.0																		
Rayman 2 Revolution, PlayStation 2,"January 30, 2001","First appearing on the N64 in 1999, our favorite limbless little french thing hits the PS2 with all of the game levels brought together in a single coherent 3D world, eliminating the need for the 2D overworld map, and with an increased difficulty level.",90,8.7																		
Madden NFL 2001, PlayStation,"August 22, 2000","Get ready for a dose of bone-crunching football action on the PlayStation 2 with Madden NFL 2001. Madden NFL 2001 features an all-new and exclusive NFL Coaches Club license, which means you'll see coaches on the sidelines and hear them yelling encouragement, comments and criticisms. Madden 2001 also features individualized details, easy-to-use interface, dynamically enhanced audio and play-by-play recorded with John Madden and his broadcast partner, Pat Summerall, and more!",90,6.8																		
Final Fantasy VIII, PlayStation,"September 7, 1999","The next chapter in Final Fantasy takes the series to the next level. Final Fantasy VIII combines an epic storyline with dynamic role-playing elements, breathtaking music, and well-defined characters. The world of Final Fantasy VIII comes to life in a dazzling display of digital artistry that spans four CDs. With the addition of an hour worth of CG animation, a new ""Junction"" system, and compatibility with the Dual Shock Analog Controller, Final Fantasy VIII is a breathtaking addition to the series.",90,8.7																		
Beetle Adventure Racing, Nintendo 64,"February 28, 1999","The adventure begins when you leave the road behind! Smashing, bashing fun! Crash and dash! Ultra-fast nitro blast! Go anywhere - choose your own routes, find surprises at every turn! Do anything - grab big-time air, engage in four-car mayhem!",90,7.7																		
Command & Conquer: Red Alert, PC,"October 31, 1996","Surrender is not an option. Dark experiments have permanently altered time. Or have they? Now, Soviet tanks crush city after city while Allied cruisers shell bases. Spies lurk, land mines wait, and strange new technologies aid both sides in their struggle for ultimate control.Command & Conquer: Red Alert gives you the opportunity to be more devious, cunning and ruthless than ever before. Easy to play and highly addictive, Red Alert puts the fate of the world in your hands! [Westwood]",90,8.7																		
The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt - Hearts of Stone, PC,"October 13, 2015","Hearts of Stone features over ten hours of new adventures and introduces new characters, powerful monsters, unique romance, and an entirely new storyline shaped by gamer choices. The expansion also introduces a new system of Runewords that significantly affects gameplay. Each Runeword impacts a different aspect of in-game mechanics and allows the players to experiment with various strategies and tactics. [CD Projekt]",89,9.1																		
Star Wars Jedi Knight II: Jedi Outcast, PC,"March 26, 2002","Several years have passed since Kyle Katarn avenged his father's death and saved the Valley of the Jedi from Jerec and his band of Dark Jedi. Allowing his Force powers to languish for fear of falling to the Dark side, Kyle set aside his lightsaber, vowing never to use it again. But when a new and menacing threat to the galaxy emerges, Kyle knows he must reclaim his past in order to save his future. Players assume the role of Kyle as they employ a unique mix of weapons, Force powers and your lightsaber in both single- and multiplayer modes of first-person action. [LucasArts]",89,8.7																		
Wipeout HD Fury, PlayStation 3,"July 23, 2009","[Playstation Network] The WipEout HD Fury expansion pack increases the content of your current game with 8 new tracks, 13 new ship models and 3 new game modes, 2 of which are available for online play. In addition there are new trophies to attain, a re-styled front-end and a selection of new & improved multiplayer functionality. The Eliminator game mode allows you to release all that pent-up aggression as you use the full arsenal of Wipeout weaponry to destroy your opponents. Forget those racing lines	 this is all about destruction, with the victor being the first to reach the target score. Zone Battle is about risk and reward. Acceleration is automatic as you swoop over zone pads to fill your zone bar. Your choice is whether to use the bar to increase your speed and boost your ship ever closer to the target zone or absorb it to replenish vital lost energy. Warning, avoid the ‘zone barriers’, obstacles left on the track by your opponents as they boost towards the target zone, hitting these can literally destroy your hopes of victory. Detonator mode introduces a brand new ship model to the game that tests both your piloting skills and your shooting accuracy as you accelerate through as many as 14 stages. Score points by destroying the mines that have been strewn along the track and take out the bomb on each stage to earn additional points. The more accurate you are the more points and bonuses you will score. [SCEA]",89,8.2																	
Halo 2 Multiplayer Map Pack, Xbox,"July 5, 2005","The world's greatest multiplayer game just got better. Take the fight from the streets of Old Mombasa to the islands of Delta Halo to the very edges of the galaxy! The nine new maps included in this pack nearly double Halo® 2's multiplayer arena. Some battlefields feature tight-quartered, intense spaces designed for small-scale mayhem. Others are large-scale, interactive arenas with explosive vehicle combat--perfect for Split Screen, System Link or Xbox Live™.",89,7.9																		
Yakuza: Like a Dragon, Xbox One,"November 10, 2020","RISE LIKE A DRAGON. Become Ichiban Kasuga, a low-ranking yakuza grunt left on the brink of death by the man he trusted most. Take up your legendary bat and get ready to crack some underworld skulls in dynamic RPG combat set against the backdrop of modern-day Japan.",89,8.8																		
Resident Evil 2, PC,"January 25, 2019","In Resident Evil 2, the classic action, tense exploration, and puzzle solving gameplay that defined the Resident Evil series returns. Players join rookie police officer Leon Kennedy and college student Claire Redfield, who are thrust together by a disastrous outbreak in Raccoon City that transformed its population into deadly zombies. Both Leon and Claire have their own separate playable campaigns, allowing players to see the story from both characters’ perspectives. The fate of these two fan favorite characters is in players hands as they work together to survive and get to the bottom of what is behind the terrifying attack on the city. Will they make it out alive?",89,9.0																		
Borderlands 2, Xbox 360,"September 18, 2012","Play as one of 4 new vault hunters facing off against a new world of creatures, psychos and the evil mastermind, Handsome Jack. Make new friends, arm them with a gazillion weapons and fight alongside them in four-player co-op or split-screen on a relentless quest for revenge and redemption across the undiscovered and unpredictable living planet.",89,8.3																		
Shin Megami Tensei: Persona 3 Portable, PSP,"July 5, 2010","Terrible creatures lurk in the dark, preying on those who wander into the hidden hour between one day and the next. As a member of a secret school club, you must wield your inner power--Persona--and protect humanity from impending doom. Will you live to see the light of day? Maximum Persona 3--The RPG that captured critics and fans alike achieves a new level of excellence. Built upon an enhanced version of the game, players will find numerous significant improvements, including the addition of Skill Cards, part-time jobs, a total of five difficulty settings (ranging from the newcomer-friendly ""beginner"" to the ultra-hardcore ""maniac""), and most importantly, the ability to directly control your teammates in battle. Gain a whole new perspective--The choice of your protagonist's sex at the start of the game has a dramatic impact on the game's intricate social dynamics. Persona 3 veterans will get a kick out of playing through the story from a new female perspective, gaining new Social Links, special events, and unique romantic opportunities. Slick system enhancements--Improved playability permeates every aspect of the gameplay experience. One-button menu shortcuts, streamlined team equipment changes, incredibly short load times, and other tweaks and enhancements create an ideal pace for portable gaming. [Atlus USA]",89,7.6																		
XCOM: Enemy Unknown, PlayStation 3,"October 9, 2012","Lead your troops in fierce battles to defeat the alien front, and rescue civilians in crowded cities and remote outlands around the world. Construct and expand your XCOM headquarters, recruit and coach up unique soldiers to thrust into battle, and research alien tech to enhance and multiply your weapons and capabilities. Mix and match aliens and soldiers and synthesize abilities to outwit and overpower your alien opponents.",89,8.2																		
Xenoblade Chronicles: Definitive Edition, Switch,"May 29, 2020","Join the fight between man and machine in the definitive edition of this critically-acclaimed RPG. Discover the origins of Shulk as he and his companions clash against a seemingly-unstoppable mechanical menace. Wield a future-seeing blade, chain together attacks, and carefully position your party members in strategic, real-time combat as you journey across a massive world. During an attack from the mechanical invaders known as the Mechon, Shulk discovers that he can tap into the full power of a mysterious blade known as the Monado. With the mighty Monado in hand, Shulk sets out to defeat the Mechon once and for all. In addition to the Mechon, you’ll run into wildlife that ranges from docile to deadly. Keep an eye on what attracts monsters’ attention to avoid unwanted conflict…or try your hand at bringing down an ultra-powerful Unique Monster. Upgrade your party as you progress through the adventure by selecting equipment, enhancing weapon skills, and using benefit-granting gems. Put your dependable companions to work by filling the party gauge to trigger a Chain Attack and attack enemies in quick succession.",89,9.0																		
Call of Duty 2, Xbox 360,"November 17, 2005","Call of Duty 2 lets players experience four individual soldier stories as they overcome insurmountable odds in multiple campaigns. Players have the freedom to follow each of the four storylines through for the ultimate character-driven experience, or they can engage in the historic battles chronologically for quick hitting action. Infinity Ward has also expanded the scope of combat to deliver a truly realistic battlefield experience. Squads now have the freedom to take on a variety of mission objectives, on expansive battlefields that allow for multiple paths and the ability to utilize actual combat tactics like outflanking and fire and maneuver capabilities. Call of Duty 2's new engine and A.I. technology set the stage for authentic squad combat and astonishing action. Concealment can be key as battlefield smoke or even deployed smoke grenades cloud visibility. Weather effects such as the dusty sandstorms of North Africa and whiteout blizzard conditions of Russia, for example, will keep soldiers glued to their bunkers. The team has also employed a state-of-the-art Battle Chatter System that brings the action to life as squad-mates bark out context-sensitive updates in real-time to players through an advanced A.I. system. [Activision]",89,8.2																		
Burnout Revenge, Xbox,"September 13, 2005","Burnout Revenge is a racing game in which your desire for destruction is as important as your ability to reach the finish line. The sequel to Burnout 3 adds some new features such as detailed car damage, crash combos, and a meter that rewards vengeance on the road. Game modes run the range from pure racing to pure destruction on a handful of real-world locations, including Detroit and Rome. Burnout Revenge also supports online play for challenging other players.",89,8.5																		
Dragon Quest VIII: Journey of the Cursed King, PlayStation 2,"November 15, 2005","The world of Dragon Quest VIII is created with breakthrough 3D graphics. The world, which includes fields, towns and dungeons, allow players to move around seamlessly. The graphics are of a high-quality animation, and players can feel as if they are walking around inside the world created by Character Designer, Akira Toriyama. The battle scenes and monsters make users feel as if they were actually facing them All of the monsters and characters are transformed with 3D graphics. Battle scenes provide astrong presence of characters and monsters due to its stunning visuals. Moreover, both new andfamiliar monsters have been recreated with uniquely detailed animation. Characteristic monsters popular among fans of Dragon Quest VIII come alive with a fresh breath of life. An entirely new original score by Koichi SugiyamaKoichi Sugiyama, the composer of Dragon Quest VIII and all of the music from previous titles in the series, composed an entirely original score. A classic and elegant score, the music is also memorable and will leave people humming the tunes. The impressive score makes the journey much more adventurous and paints each scene with emotion. [Square Enix]",89,8.7																		
It Takes Two, PlayStation 4,"March 26, 2021","From Hazelight comes It Takes Two an innovative co-op adventure where uniquely varied gameplay and emotional storytelling intertwine in a fantastical journey. Founded to push the creative boundaries of what's possible in games, Hazelight is the award-winning studio behind the critically acclaimed A Way Out and Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons. Something out of the ordinary Bring your favorite co-op partner and together step into the shoes of May and Cody. As the couple is going through a divorce, through unknown means their minds are transported into two dolls which their daughter, Rose, made to represent them. Now they must reluctantly find a way to get back into their bodies, a quest which takes them through the most wild, unexpected and fantastical journey imaginable.",89,9.1																		
Metroid: Zero Mission, Game Boy Advance,"February 9, 2004","She's battled baddies on nearly every Nintendo system, and now, Samus Aran returns to her roots. Metroid: Zero Mission relives the story that started it all--revealing for the first time full details of her meeting with the Metroids. The plotline will be familiar to longtime fans of the Metroid series, but the challenges are new, the power-ups are plentiful, and the graphics and sound are supercharged. Plus, if you thought that the original Metroid had a surprise ending, wait until you get past the Mother Brain in Metroid: Zero Mission. A new twist provides a deeper adventure than ever before.",89,8.9																		
The Legend of Zelda: Majora's Mask 3D, 3DS,"February 13, 2015","The Skull Kid personifies the mischief and mystery of the Lost Woods, but a cursed mask has now morphed him into something exceedingly more terrifying. When he dupes Link into entering a land called Termina, the Hero of Time faces a pressing challenge in a strange, new land: stop the moon from ending the world in three days. Don't panic! You'll have some time-twisting tunes and magical masks to help you make it to tomorrow. [Nintendo]",89,8.9																		
Skylanders Swap Force, Wii U,"October 13, 2013","In Skylanders SWAP Force, Portal Masters embark on an adventure in the mysterious Cloudbreak Islands, where a magical volcano gives the heroes the power to swap halves, turning them into a special team known as the SWAP Force. By reassembling this team, Portal Masters must send back Kaos and his evil plan to Cloudbreak in order to save Skylands.",89,6.2																		
The Walking Dead: A Telltale Games Series, PC,"April 24, 2012","Based on Robert Kirkman's comic book series, The Walking Dead brings to life a world devastated by an undead apocalypse and the horrifying choices you're forced to make to survive. Play the role of Lee Everett, a convicted criminal, who has been given a second chance at life in a world devastated by the undead. With corpses returning to life and survivors stopping at nothing to maintain their own safety, protecting an orphaned girl named Clementine may offer you redemption in a world gone to hell.",89,8.8																		
Tiger Woods PGA Tour 2004, PlayStation 2,"September 22, 2003","With the revolutionary new EA SPORTS Game Face, you can build yourself from scratch and take on the pros while improving your skills with each solid performance. Play as or against over a dozen top pros, including Tiger Woods, Vijay Singh, Justin Leonard, and new golfers like John Daly and Adam Scott. Five new courses have been added to all the old favorites like Pebble Beach Golf Links and St Andrews Golf Links. Graphical and gameplay enhancements mean more ball control and more realistic weather and terrain conditions. Expanded Career Mode lets you take your golfer through a World Tour to earn money and sponsorships. Go online for matches and tournaments, and climb the leaderboards. [EA Sports]",89,8.6																		
Age of Mythology, PC,"November 1, 2002","Age of Mythology transports players to a time when heroes did battle with monsters of legend and the gods intervened in the affairs of mortal men. Players wage war using human armies and diplomacy, progress through development ages, enhance military and economic performance with improvements, and manage economics through resource gathering and trade. Mythology enters the mix when players call upon the gods to act on their behalf or reinforce their armies with more than 20 mythological creatures. Ensemble Studios' new 3D engine adds a deep richness of graphical detail and creates a unique new title based on the ancient cultural history of the Greek, Norse, and Egyptian cultures, which are divided into nine detailed civilizations. [Microsoft]",89,8.9																		
Pikmin, GameCube,"December 2, 2001","Pikmin may be small and plantlike, but they can be a space traveler's best friend. Stranded on an unknown planet, Captain Olimar must enlist the help of these native Pikmin to rebuild his spaceship before the life-support system runs out. In the meantime, you'll have to fend off attackers and solve various puzzles. To produce additional multicolored Pikmin you must defeat enemies and carry them back to the Pikmin nests called onions. But beware--watching giant predators gobble your Pikmin might make you angrier than you'd expect.",89,8.7																		
Madden NFL 2002, GameCube,"November 17, 2001","If you enjoy simulation-style football games that play well, have incredible depth, and look great, Madden 2002 is your game.",89,6.0																		
Sacrifice (2000), PC,"November 5, 2000","Sacrifice provides a truly fresh approach in the 3-D RTS genre, allowing players to act as both commander and combatant over huge, real-time, generated landscapes in single or multiplayer modes. Wizards will not be disappointed as Sacrifice serves up over 50 spells and creatures. [Interplay]",89,8.7																		
Samba de Amigo, Dreamcast,"October 16, 2000","Samba De Amigo is one of the best music and rhythm games released thus far, and it's the first such game to hit the United States, making it an excellent entry into the world of music peripherals.",89,8.3																		
Wipeout 3, PlayStation,"August 31, 1999",The world's fastest PlayStation racer returns.... This is the ultimate anti-gravity racing experience by which all others are judged.... Accept no substitutes.,89,8.8																		
Monster Hunter: World - Iceborne, PlayStation 4,"September 6, 2019","Monster Hunter World: Iceborne is the highly anticipated massive expansion to Monster Hunter: World, the best-selling Capcom title of all time with more than 12 million units shipped worldwide adding to the series total of more than 53 million units to date. This gargantuan follow-up rivals the gameplay volume from the original release and features a new icy setting, storyline, monsters, gameplay options, and more. The game's all-new story picks up after Monster Hunter: World and whisks hunters away to the newly discovered chilly locale that, once fully explored, becomes the largest region in World so far. The new locale is home to several new and returning monsters ready to challenge hunters throughout their expeditions and raises the stakes with the added higher difficulty Master Rank. Iceborne continues the skill-based progression and robust crafting system found in World and expands that with several new gameplay features that broaden the player's combat repertoire. All this leads to the ultimate hunter test against the mysterious new flagship monster, Velkhana.",89,8.4																		
Plants vs. Zombies, Xbox 360,"September 8, 2010","Zombies are invading your home, and the only defense is your arsenal of plants! Armed with an alien nursery-worth of zombie-zapping plants like peashooters and cherry bombs, you'll need to think fast and plant faster to stop dozens of types of zombies dead in their tracks. Obstacles like a setting sun, creeping fog and a swimming pool add to the challenge, and with five game modes to dig into, the fun never dies!",89,8.4																		
Dead Cells, Switch,"August 7, 2018","Dead Cells is a rogue-lite, metroidvania action-platformer. You'll explore a sprawling, everchanging castle... assuming you're able to fight your way past its keepers in 2D souls-lite combat. No checkpoints. Kill, die, learn, repeat. RogueVania: The progressive exploration of an interconnected world, with the replayability of a rogue-lite and the adrenaline pumping threat of permadeath. 2D Souls-lite Action: Tough but fair combat, more than fifty weapons and spells with unique gameplay, and of course, the emergency panic roll to get you out of trouble. Nonlinear progression: Sewers, Ossuary or Remparts? Once unlocked, special permanent abilities allow you to access new paths to reach your objective. Opt for the path that suits your current build, your play style or just your mood. Exploration: Secret rooms, hidden passages, charming landscapes. Take a moment to stroll the towers and breath in that fresh sea mist infused air...",89,8.4																		
Dark Souls III, PC,"April 11, 2016","Developed by Japanese developer FromSoftware, DARK SOULS III is the latest chapter in the DARK SOULS series with its trademark sword and sorcery combat and rewarding action RPG gameplay. Players travel across a wide variety of locations in an interconnected world of unrelenting challenge and deep RPG gameplay as they search for a way to survive the coming apocalypse.",89,8.5																		
Metroid Dread, Switch,"October 8, 2021","Join intergalactic bounty hunter Samus Aran in her first new 2D Metroid™ story in 19 years. Samus’ story continues after the events of the Metroid™ Fusion game when she descends upon planet ZDR to investigate a mysterious transmission sent to the Galactic Federation. The remote planet has become overrun by vicious alien lifeforms and chilling mechanical menaces. Samus is more agile and capable than ever, but can she overcome the inhuman threat stalking the depths of ZDR? Face off against unrelenting E.M.M.I. robots Once DNA-extracting research machines, the imposing E.M.M.I. are now hunting Samus down. Tensions are high as you evade these E.M.M.I. to avoid a cruel death while finding a way to take them down. Find out what turned these robotic wonders into the scourge of ZDR and escape with your life. Feel Samus’ power grow as you gain maneuvers and abilities Acquire new and familiar abilities as you traverse the many environments of this dangerous world. Parkour over obstacles, slide through tight spaces, counter enemies, and battle your way through the planet. Return to areas and use your new abilities to find upgrades, alternate paths, and a way forward. Explore the sprawling map, evade and destroy E.M.M.I. robots, and overcome the dread plaguing ZDR.",89,8.8																		
Rez HD, Xbox 360,"January 30, 2008","[Xbox Live Arcade] Set in a cyberworld, the legendary fast-paced action-shooter Rez HD, created by Tetsuya Mizuguchi, provides the ultimate audiovisual experience as the player targets the enemies and hacks the system while creating their own beats. Rez opens your senses ... let's go to synaesthesia was the watchword when Rez released in 2001 to become a fan favorite. The dynamic, total integration of visual presentation, sound and player input provides the ultimate audiovisual experience. Old-school vector style graphics, sensory response, and beat synchronization sets the title apart and is recreated in this port for Xbox LIVE Arcade in high-definition and 5.1 surround sound. Rez consists of five different levels, each with its own unique visual theme and style, musical track and a boss battle at the end. The game also features several different modes and lots of unlockable elements, giving it plenty of replay value. Play through the five areas in regular or Score Attack mode. Go to the Beyond mode and try Direct Assault, Lost Mode, the free play Trance Mission, or take on all the bosses consecutively in Boss Rush. Feel the rhythm: To further enhance the Rez experience, artists including Coldcut, Adam Freeland, Joujouka, Ken Ishii and Keiichi Sugiyama (SEGA's Wave Master) contributed tracks to the game. [Q Entertainment]",89,8.0																		
NBA Street V3, PlayStation 2,"February 8, 2005","The third chapter in the multi-platinum-selling NBA Street series rises above the rim and expands on the customization and variety of game modes and gameplay. Gamers can build their reputation as they create the future of street basketball with all-new jaw-dropping, ankle-breaking, rim-shaking moves in visually stimulating environments, from favorite courts like ""The Cage"" and ""Rucker Park"" to the next generation of streetball sanctuaries, like ""Venice Beach"". It all adds up to give V3 a revolutionary style all its own. Featuring NBA legends, today's top stars, and original characters from past editions, NBA Street V3 reaches new heights by making over-the-top, larger-than-life moves even bigger in this action-packed, arcade-style game. Customize your baller, build courts from the ground up, throw one down in an all-new dunk contest and go online to put your reputation to the test. [Electronic Arts]",89,8.5																		
Demon's Souls, PlayStation 3,"October 6, 2009","Demon's Souls promises to be the hardcore action RPG experience PS3 owners have been waiting for since the platform's launch. Revolutionary online features support your adventure like never before, presenting seamless interconnectivity that serves in every instance to enhance the single-player game. Team up with two other players in simultaneous cooperative play, working together to topple some of the game's colossal bosses, or force your way into the games of skilled players and challenge them to PvP battle. Leave hints and clues for those who will follow in your footsteps	 either intentionally or through your own inadvertent demise, your bloodstains will allow your successors to view a replay of your death, hinting at how to avoid your gruesome fate. [Atlus USA]",89,8.7																	
Pillars of Eternity, PC,"March 26, 2015","Eternity aims to recapture the magic, imagination, depth, and nostalgia of classic RPG's that Obsidian enjoyed making - and playing. Eternity takes the central hero, memorable companions and the epic exploration of Baldur’s Gate, adds in the fun, intense combat and dungeon diving of Icewind Dale, and ties it all together with the emotional writing and mature thematic exploration of Planescape: Torment. Choose to play as one of the six playable races: Human, Aumaua, Dwarf, Elf, Godlike, and Orlan. Whether you're playing a stout Dwarf, a towering Aumaua, or one of the otherworldly Godlike, Eternity's plethora of playable races scratch every role-playing itch you may have and allow for deep character customization. [Obsidian]",89,8.3																		
The Elder Scrolls III: Morrowind, PC,"May 1, 2002","An epic, open-ended single-player game where you create and play any kind of character you can imagine. Be the noble hero embarking on an epic quest, or an insidious thief rising to leadership of his guild. Be a malevolent sorcerer developing the ultimate spell of destruction, or a reverent healer searching for the cure to a plague. Your actions define your character, and your gameplay changes and evolves in response to your actions. Confront the assassins' guild, and they take out a contract on you. Impress them, and they try to recruit you instead. No two sagas are the same in the world of Morrowind. [Bethesda Softworks]",89,8.8																		
Castlevania: Symphony of the Night, Xbox 360,"March 21, 2007","[Xbox Live Arcade] Dracula's castle has risen again and it's up to the mysterious Alucard to face Dracula and save the world from his nocturnal embrace. Uncover the riddle behind why the castle has returned and what became of the world's last hero, Richer Belmont. Upgrade your weapons, armor, and stats by defeating the castle's defenders. Encounter allies and enemies throughout the castle who help you uncover the real story of both Castlevania and Alucard's personal demons. With non-linear gameplay and multiple endings, its up to you to guide Alucard through the castle as you see fit. Achievements, to challenge players to completely conquer Dracula's castle. Leaderboards, so you can vie for position with other players to become the undisputed worldwide master of Symphony of the Night. Enhanced background visuals that take advantage of the HD graphics capabilities of the Xbox 360. All of the original PlayStation music, sprites, and gameplay content. Ported controls let you experience every battle and boss fight as originally envisioned. Gamer themes and picture packs coming soon to let you customize your Xbox 360 in the Castlevania style. [Konami]",89,8.6																		
Into the Breach, Switch,"August 28, 2018",Control powerful mechs from the future to defeat an alien threat. Each attempt to save the world presents a new randomly generated challenge in this turn-based strategy game.,89,7.8																		
F1 2019, Xbox One,"June 25, 2019","The official videogame of the 2019 FIA Formula One World Championship, F1 2019 challenges you to Defeat your Rivals in the most ambitious F1 game in Codemasters' history. The game is released a full two months earlier during the Formula 1 myWorld Grosser Preis von Osterreich 2019 weekend and, unlike previous iterations, ahead of the British, German and Hungarian races. F1 2019 features all the official teams, drivers and all 21 circuits from the 2019 season. This year sees the inclusion of F2 with players being able to complete the 2018 season with the likes of George Russell, Lando Norris and Alexander Albon. The 2019 F2 season content will be made available as a free digital update during the season. Having established itself as one of the highest rated racing franchises of all time, F1 2019 builds on the success of previous iterations and delivers an experience that rivals the quality and production values of its real-life race counterpart. With greater emphasis on graphical fidelity, the environments have been significantly enhanced, and the tracks come to life like never before. Night races have been completely overhauled creating vastly improved levels of realism and the upgraded F1 broadcast sound and visuals add further realism to all aspects of the race weekend.",89,6.9																		
It Takes Two, Xbox Series X,"March 26, 2021","From Hazelight comes It Takes Two an innovative co-op adventure where uniquely varied gameplay and emotional storytelling intertwine in a fantastical journey. Founded to push the creative boundaries of what's possible in games, Hazelight is the award-winning studio behind the critically acclaimed A Way Out and Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons. Something out of the ordinary Bring your favorite co-op partner and together step into the shoes of May and Cody. As the couple is going through a divorce, through unknown means their minds are transported into two dolls which their daughter, Rose, made to represent them. Now they must reluctantly find a way to get back into their bodies, a quest which takes them through the most wild, unexpected and fantastical journey imaginable.",89,8.6																		
Fable II, Xbox 360,"October 21, 2008","Set 500 years after the original, Fable II provides gamers with an epic story and innovative real-time gameplay, including a massive amount of freedom and choice to explore a vast collection of dungeons, catacombs and caves in the world of Albion. Fable II expands upon the scope and depth of the Xbox classic by adding incredible new features and creating a wider, more complex kingdom of limitless choices and consequences. Players have the option to play as a man or woman, get married, have children, and live a life of their own design. Revisit the sprawling world of Albion more than 500 years after the events of the original Fable, where you are free to explore the landscape and openly roam the countryside. For the right price every house, hut, dungeon and castle is for sale. Players can witness how the world grows and changes in response to their decisions in incredible and unique ways as they rediscover Albion as if for the first time. Fable II pioneers a new combat system designed to allow players to truly master hand weapons such as swords and maces, ranged combat weapons such as cross-bows and guns, and an entirely new magic system. These three disciplines, while very accessible, are also amazingly deep, and allow players to mix combat styles and become everything from master swordsman to skilled ranger to evil magic welder, utilizing a single button on the Xbox 360 controller. [Lionhead]",89,6.6																		
Rez Infinite, PlayStation 4,"October 13, 2016","To resolve the world's rising crime rates, a new system called Project-K was created. However, Eden, the core of Project-K, has fallen into a vegetative state. Now it's up to you, a hacker, to travel through a cyberspace filled with firewalls, viruses, and other obstacles, and jump-start the system's artificial intelligence. Scattered throughout the levels are evolution spheres, which let you transform into more powerful humanoid forms. The game features a pounding soundtrack and unique vector worlds.",89,7.5																		
Rocksmith 2014 Edition, PC,"October 22, 2013",Rocksmith 2014 Edition lets players plug in any electric guitar or bass directly into your system and begin learning guitar with the Rocksmith Method.,89,7.9																		
NHL 2K3, PlayStation 2,"November 10, 2002","More than just familiar faces and numbers, Sega Sports NHL 2K3 delivers player realism down to size, skill, and behavior, resulting in individuals that exhibit accurate styles of play. Now grinders battle for pucks in the corners, elite players see the ice and create opportunities, and fast skaters exploit their speed. The all-new Franchise Mode lets you capitalize on player accuracy to develop a team that plays your brand of hockey. Now you can draft hotshot rookies, trade for players who compliment your team, compensate for injured players, and more. Then put that precision to work on the ice by anchoring lines with key players and rotating those lines to create the match-ups you want. Bringing it all together is a new ESPN broadcast system where scores, highlights, and more are presented in the network's famous style. [Sega]",89,7.8																		
Final Fantasy Chronicles, PlayStation,"June 29, 2001","When these games came out, they defined what adventures should be. Since then, they have become the most popular and sought-after titles in history. Now you can experience the re-release of two complete, classic games, enhanced with all-new cinemas and features never before seen in the U.S. Final Fantasy IV was previously released as Final Fantasy II, but has been completely restored with new magic, monsters, items, CG cinemas, and added features. Chrono Trigger is a re-release of the original game. This time-traveling prequel to Chrono Cross is enhanced with all-new animated scenes.",89,8.9																		
Fallout, PC,"October 9, 1997","Set in the aftermath of a world-wide nuclear war, Fallout will challenge you to survive in an unknown and dangerous world. You will take the role of a Vault-dweller, a person who has grown up in a secluded, underground survival Vault. Circumstances arise that force you to go Outside -- to a strange world 80 years after the end of the modern civilization. A world of mutants, radiation, gangs and violence. Your immediate task is to find a replacement for the broken water purification controller chip. Without that chip, your fellow Vault dwellers are doomed to dehydration or be forced to leave the safety of the Vault for the Outside. [Interplay]",89,8.8																		
The Beatles: Rock Band, Wii,"September 9, 2009","The game represents the first time fans will be able to experience The Beatles’ musical career for themselves. From the early touring days in 1963 Liverpool to the immortal, final performance on the Apple Corps rooftop, fans can follow in the band’s footsteps as they traverse the globe during the height of Beatlemania. Adding to the experience is the introduction of three-part vocal harmonies to game play, allowing gamers to revel in the unparalleled vocal stylings of the Fab Four. Beatles fans will also be thrilled to hear previously unreleased authentic voice recordings from John, Paul, George and Ringo chatting between takes during studio sessions recorded at Abbey Road more than four decades ago. The game begins during the band's earliest days at The Cavern Club in Liverpool, England. Gamers then travel across the Atlantic to experience the band's unforgettable 1964 performance on The Ed Sullivan Show, the sold-out concert at New York’s Shea Stadium in 1965, and conclude at The Beatles’ memorable concert at Budokan in Tokyo, Japan in 1966. The Beatles' studio years come to life in legendary Studio 2 at Abbey Road Studios. Highlighting the studio years are inspired artistic visual expressions known as Dreamscapes, intended to transport players to imaginative environments that capture the essence of The Beatles’ genre-busting musical and fashion transformations during their later years. The game follows The Beatles to 1969 where story mode culminates with their final performance on the rooftop of the Apple Corps Headquarters. The Beatles: Rock Band offers a new set of hardware representing the instruments made famous by John, Paul, George and Ringo. Featured in the set are the Rickenbacker 325 and Gretsch Duo Jet guitars - hailed as two of the celebrated, signature instruments played by John Lennon and George Harrison throughout their careers. Also included is a Höfner bass controller - a large-scale version of the bass famously used by Sir Paul McCartney. Rounding out the set is a Ringo Starr inspired, Ludwig-branded Rock Band 2 drum set with a classic pearl finish and vintage remake of a Beatles kick drum head. [MTV Games]",89,7.6																		
Assassin's Creed: Brotherhood, Xbox 360,"November 16, 2010","The critically acclaimed single-player experience of Assassin's Creed is back and better than ever as Ezio returns in an epic struggle against the powerful Templar Order. Now a legendary Master Assassin, he must journey into Italy's greatest city, Rome, center of power, greed and corruption to strike at the heart of the enemy. Defeating the corrupt tyrants entrenched there will require not only strength, but leadership, as Ezio commands an entire Brotherhood that will rally to his side. Only by working together can the Assassins defeat their mortal enemies.",89,8.4																		
Left 4 Dead 2, Xbox 360,"November 17, 2009","Set in the zombie apocalypse, Left 4 Dead 2 (L4D2) is the highly anticipated sequel to the award-winning Left 4 Dead. This co-operative action horror FPS takes you and your friends through the cities, swamps and cemeteries of the Deep South, from Savannah to New Orleans across five expansive campaigns. Play as one of four new survivors armed with a wide and devastating array of classic and upgraded weapons. In addition to firearms, you'll also get a chance to take out some aggression on infected with a variety of carnage-creating melee weapons, from chainsaws to axes and even the deadly frying pan. You'll be putting these weapons to the test against (or playing as in Versus) three horrific and formidable new Special Infected. You’ll also encounter five new ""uncommon"" common infected, including the terrifying Mudmen. Helping to take L4D's frantic, action-packed gameplay to the next level is AI Director 2.0. This improved Director has the ability to procedurally change the weather you’ll fight through and the pathways you'll take, in addition to tailoring the enemy population, effects, and sounds to match your performance. L4D2 promises a satisfying and uniquely challenging experience every time the game is played, custom-fitted to your style of play. [Valve]",89,8.5																		
World Soccer Winning Eleven 9, PC,"April 28, 2006","Arsenal's Thierry Henry and Chelsea's John Terry stare out from the box of Pro Evolution Soccer 5, both men at the top of their game in the Premiership, and both are die-hard fans of the PES series. The retuned controls in the 2005 edition give players more control over weighted passes, one-twos, and so on. This ties in with the improved animation, which not only looks more realistic, but requires you to time kicks and shots perfectly for maximum power - you're more likely to scuff the ball and make weak, inaccurate shots if you attempt to play them while off balance or out of step. In order for you to enjoy the full benefit of the updated controls, Training Mode is extended - rewarding efforts with points used to unlock secrets within the game. The new licensed clubs are all meticulously detailed, including the authentic representation of names and numbers on their backs. Increased detail in all players has been transferred to the Player Design mode, which has been hugely expanded to include more factors determining skill and ability. Master League, in which you guide a lowly team to glory, now allows player-managers to monitor individual players and see when their health declines and includes European teams. In all games, weather conditions can be set to 'variable', leading to patchy rain or snow. The new weather conditions further enhance the realism and unpredictable nature of PES matches. Rain or shine, PES 5 will be the greatest console football you've ever experienced. [Konami Europe]",89,8.2																		
Worldwide Soccer Manager 2005, PC,"December 7, 2004","(Also known as ""WorldWide Soccer Manager 2005"") Sports Interactive have crafted a superbly detailed masterpiece in Football Manager 2005. Manager Mind games: With Football Manager, mind games can play a key part in every game. Put your fellow managers under the strain with a few white lies and then turn the screw with a damning criticism of your rivals’ title chances. Just be wary of reaction and retaliation! Agents: Slicked back hair, mobile phones and a bad cockney accent! Bring on the agents - attempting to whittle you out of a few more million on a possible signing. You just have to decide whether they’re trying to flog you the next big thing or a complete donkey. The Back Room Boys: If you don’t want to don the tracksuit and sweat it out on the training field, then why not hire some help? From assistant managers to the best physios, they’ll do the legwork and keep you informed on your players, helping you sort the men from the boys. The Big Match: Tired of watching player’s use the same old moves that couldn’t take the ball round a lamppost? Football Manager 2005 has 30 extra fields for player data including ‘preferred moves’, allowing you to witness your stars perform their signature tricks. With feedback from the fans, Sports Interactive have further refined their award winning games engine to give you what you want from a management game. Football Today: Still have Smith playing for Leeds? That’s SO last season! With more leagues, players and championships than any other football management sim, Football Manager 2005 will also have the latest squads and transfers right up to the end of the summer transfer window, guaranteeing you’ll be on the ball. [Sports Interactive]",89,8.3																		
Dead Cells, PC,"August 7, 2018","Dead Cells is a rogue-lite, metroidvania action-platformer. You'll explore a sprawling, ever-changing castle... assuming you’re able to fight your way past its keepers in 2D souls-lite combat. No checkpoints. Kill, die, learn, repeat.",89,8.1																		
There is no game : Wrong dimension, PC,"August 6, 2020","There is no game. So don't go messing things up by clicking everywhere. You don’t want to be kicked out of your video game world, do you? Of course not!",89,8.8																		
Axiom Verge, Wii U,"September 1, 2016","Plumb the recesses of a large, labyrinthine world in order to learn its secrets and uncover your role within it. Discover tons of weapons, items, and abilities, each with their own unique behaviors and usage. You'll need your wits to find them all. Combat bizarre biomechanoid constructs, the deadly fallout of an ancient war, and the demons of your own psyche. And finally, break the game itself by using glitches to corrupt foes and solve puzzles in the environment. [Nintendo.com]",89,8.5																		
Left 4 Dead, Xbox 360,"November 17, 2008","Fight together...or die alone. A new and highly virulent strain of the rabies virus emerges and spreads through the human population with frightening speed. The pandemic's victims become grotesquely disfigured, wildly violent psychopaths, attacking the uninfected on sight. One of the ""lucky"" few apparently immune to the sickness, you, unfortunately, are also trapped in a city crawling with thousands of the bloodthirsty Infacted. Together with a handful of fellow Survivors, you must fight your way to safety or die alone. A co-operative multiplayer action game from the makers of ""Counter-Strike,"" Left 4 Dead is built atop the most advanced version of the Source Engine and introduces version 2 of Turtle Rock's artificial intelligence (A.I.) technology. [Turtle Rock Studios]",89,7.9																		
Left 4 Dead, PC,"November 17, 2008","Fight together...or die alone. A new and highly virulent strain of the rabies virus emerges and spreads through the human population with frightening speed. The pandemic's victims become grotesquely disfigured, wildly violent psychopaths, attacking the uninfected on sight. One of the ""lucky"" few apparently immune to the sickness, you, unfortunately, are also trapped in a city crawling with thousands of the bloodthirsty Infacted. Together with a handful of fellow Survivors, you must fight your way to safety or die alone. A co-operative multiplayer action game from the makers of ""Counter-Strike,"" Left 4 Dead is built atop the most advanced version of the Source Engine and introduces version 2 of Turtle Rock's artificial intelligence (A.I.) technology. [Turtle Rock Studios]",89,9.0																		
Left 4 Dead 2, PC,"November 16, 2009","Set in the zombie apocalypse, Left 4 Dead 2 (L4D2) is the highly anticipated sequel to the award-winning Left 4 Dead. This co-operative action horror FPS takes you and your friends through the cities, swamps and cemeteries of the Deep South, from Savannah to New Orleans across five expansive campaigns. Play as one of four new survivors armed with a wide and devastating array of classic and upgraded weapons. In addition to firearms, you'll also get a chance to take out some aggression on infected with a variety of carnage-creating melee weapons, from chainsaws to axes and even the deadly frying pan. You'll be putting these weapons to the test against (or playing as in Versus) three horrific and formidable new Special Infected. You’ll also encounter five new ""uncommon"" common infected, including the terrifying Mudmen. Helping to take L4D's frantic, action-packed gameplay to the next level is AI Director 2.0. This improved Director has the ability to procedurally change the weather you’ll fight through and the pathways you'll take, in addition to tailoring the enemy population, effects, and sounds to match your performance. L4D2 promises a satisfying and uniquely challenging experience every time the game is played, custom-fitted to your style of play. [Valve]",89,8.4																		
Titanfall 2, PlayStation 4,"October 28, 2016","In single player, Titanfall 2 delivers a crafted experience that explores the unique bond between man and machine. Playable offline, the single player campaign in Titanfall 2 lets fans step out onto The Frontier as a Militia rifleman with aspirations of becoming an elite Pilot. Stranded behind enemy lines and facing overwhelming odds, players must team up with a veteran Titan to uphold a mission they were never meant to carry out. In multiplayer, Respawn is continuing to evolve their gameplay to provide a more robust experience that delivers expanded depth and variety that includes six new Titans, deeper Pilot abilities, more customization options, and a robust progression system that is sure to satisfy fans. [Electronic Arts]",89,8.5																		
F1 2017, PC,"August 24, 2017","Win the 2017 World Championship, break every record in the fastest ever F1 cars, and race some of the most iconic F1 cars of the last 30 years. The game sports an even deeper ten year Career, more varied gameplay in the new ‘Championships’ mode, and a host of other new features, both online and offline.",89,7.3																		
Dark Souls III, PlayStation 4,"April 12, 2016","Developed by Japanese developer FromSoftware, DARK SOULS III is the latest chapter in the DARK SOULS series with its trademark sword and sorcery combat and rewarding action RPG gameplay. Players travel across a wide variety of locations in an interconnected world of unrelenting challenge and deep RPG gameplay as they search for a way to survive the coming apocalypse.",89,8.9																		
Devil May Cry 5, PC,"March 7, 2019","The story is set several years after Devil May Cry 4. Legendary DMC action returns, made all the more stylish by the power modern gaming has to offer. Behold stunning visuals built upon the technology that brought you Resident Evil 7 biohazard. High framerate graphics and flexible design give our creators what they need to offer fans the latest and greatest DMC experience.",89,8.6																		
3D Gunstar Heroes, 3DS,"August 20, 2015","The Gunstar 9 planet was peaceful for many years until the vicious dictator Colonel Red kidnapped the Gunstar twins' older brother and used mind control to make him his slave. Now, face many different enemies and bosses in Gunstar Heroes, as you battle to stop the dictator from unleashing ""Golden Silver the Destructor"" with apocalyptic consequences!",89,7.9																		
Jade Empire, Xbox,"April 12, 2005","Set in an ancient world inspired by mythical China, Jade Empire lets you train under your master's watchful eye as you learn powerful martial arts and mystical powers. When danger threatens, you'll travel across the world, from the harsh mountains of the Land of Howling Spirits to the lush gardens of the Imperial City. In your adventures, you must face powerful human and supernatural foes, learn the exotic and magical martial arts, and discover the darkest secrets of the world. Practice the greatest fighting styles and defeat the most powerful enemies to become a master of martial arts.",89,8.4																		
Tony Hawk's Underground, GameCube,"October 27, 2003","Get ready for a major new step for the Tony Hawk series. Tony Hawk's Underground tweaks the gameplay of previous installments to include a plot-twisting story, customizable tricks and decks, online play, and the ability to include your own mug shot on your custom player. Of course, you can also play as any one of pro skating's biggest stars including Tony Hawk, Bob Burnquist, and Elissa Steamer. Ride, walk, or drive through nine expansive levels then test your skills against other gamers online. Become a star of the Underground.",89,7.8																		
NHL 2K3, Xbox,"November 19, 2002","More than just familiar faces and numbers, Sega Sports NHL 2K3 delivers player realism down to size, skill, and behavior, resulting in individuals that exhibit accurate styles of play. Grinders battle for pucks in the corners, elite players see the ice and create opportunities, and fast skaters exploit their speed. The all-new Franchise Mode lets you capitalize on player accuracy to develop a team that plays your brand of hockey.",89,6.5																		
NBA 2K3, PlayStation 2,"October 8, 2002","Imagine jump shots so real players actually adjust their movement in mid-air based on distance from the hoop and defensive pressure	 a passing touch that gives you the control to skirt a defender or start a fast break	 and dribble moves that let you jab left, rock right, crossover, spin and much more. It's all happening in NBA 2K3. No other game delivers the physical element of basketball like this. Accurate impact from collisions, especially hard fouls and authoritative dunks	 shot blocking with emphasis on precise hand-to-ball contact	 and the ability to lunge for the loose ball, even if it means ending up on some celebrity's lap. With commentators that analyze strategy, cutscenes portraying lifelike player interaction, uniforms that move like real fabric, and a brand new ESPN broadcast system that wraps it all together, NBA 2K3 provides the complete NBA experience. [Sega]",89,7.8														
NASCAR Racing 2002 Season, PC,"February 14, 2002","Race Against Jeff Gordon, Kevin Harvick, Dale Earnhardt Jr., Dale Jarrett, and more in the 2002 Season! Get behind the wheel of a 750 horsepower stock car and battle for the championship on real-life tracks. Get under the hood to fine-tune your car or just jump in and race against the best in Arcade Mode. Feel car vibrations, hear the roar of the engines, and sweat it out racing fender to fender at 180 miles per hour. [Sierra]",89,5.5																		
Phantasy Star Online, Dreamcast,"January 29, 2001","Pioneer 2 finally completed it's long voyage to the new home world. But as the ship entered orbit, an enormous explosion shook the entire planet, and all contact with the thousands of people already there was lost. Now, in the first worldwide online console RPG, players from around the globe must unite to discover what has happened. Phantasy Star Online continues in the tradition of one of the most popular series of all time, and becomes a revolutionary and truly global gaming experience in an online, persistent world.",89,8.4																		
Resident Evil 2, Nintendo 64,"October 31, 1999","Ready or not, the terror of Resident Evil 2 is here. In chapter one, the case of the disastrous T-virus outbreak--a mutagenic toxin designed for biological weapons--was eventually closed but the experiments were far from over. Control the destiny of Leon Kennedy or Claire Redfield as their nightmare begins when a biotech terror runs rampant in Raccoon City. Relentless zombies and hideous monsters are all out for a taste of your blood. If the suspense doesn't kill you, something else will.",89,8.8																		
Tekken 2, PlayStation,"August 25, 1996",More than a sequel. The undisputed #1 fighting game on the planet.,89,8.3																		
Need for Speed: Hot Pursuit, PlayStation 3,"November 16, 2010","Need for Speed Hot Pursuit players will experience the thrill of the chase and the rush of the escape as they play through full careers as both a cop and a racer – solo or connected. The blistering speeds, brutal busts and heart-stopping getaways are all connected via Need for Speed Autolog. This network not only connects friends for epic head-to head pursuits and races, but also enables players to compare performances and stats, thereby setting the stage for the ultimate in friendly competition.",89,7.4																		
F-Zero GX, GameCube,"August 26, 2003","F-Zero GX puts you in a futuristic race where fearless pilots would risk everything to claim the title of the top speedster in the universe. Grand Prix mode lets you face off against 29 opponents in three courses while Vs. Battle mode lets two to four players compete in split-screen races. In Time Attack mode, you'll try to beat the best times and top speeds for each course. And now, in the new Story mode, you can follow Captain Falcon as he races through missions and completes a wide array of challenges.",89,8.6																		
Mass Effect, PC,"May 28, 2008","As the first human on the galactic stage, you must uncover the greatest threat to civilization. Your job is complicated by the very fact of your humanity, as no one trusts you and you need to find a way to convince everyone of the grave threat. You will travel across an expansive universe to piece the mystery together. As you discover and explore the uncharted edges of the galaxy, you come closer to an overwhelming truth - learning that the placid and serene universe you know is about to come to a violent end and that you may be the only person who can stop it! In addition to the main story arc of the game, players are be able to visit a large number of uncharted, unexplored planets which are side quests independent from the main story. At any time during the campaign, a player can choose to explore one of these planets and have an opportunity to discover new alien life, resources, ruined civilizations and powerful technologies. Talents and abilities are upgradeable and advanced talent options become available at higher levels. Weapons and vehicles are customizable to include various effects, abilities and upgrades using the ""X-Mod"" system. Each character class have unique talents and abilities which increase in power as the player progresses through the game. Optimized controls have been designed specifically for the PC. Fully customizable controls â?? PC gamers can re-map the control scheme any way they like. Run & Gun Control â?? Players can assign biotic powers or skills to â??hot keysâ?? allowing them to play Mass Effect with a heavier focus on action. New decryption mini-game. New inventory screen GUI and functionality â?? The enhanced inventory system makes it easier for players to equip and modify their weapons and armor. [Microsoft]",89,8.6																		
Dark Souls, Xbox 360,"October 4, 2011","Project Dark (Working Title) is a brand new dark fantasy RPG designed to completely embrace the concepts of tension in dungeon exploration, fear in encountering enemies, the joy of new discoveries, and a high sense of achievement in progressing. The game is set in a dark fantasy world filled with decadent atmosphere, with a heavy emphasis on player freedom in discovering various tactics and strategies to use in weapon based combat.",89,8.7																		
Super Mario 3D World + Bowser's Fury, Switch,"February 12, 2021","The cat's out of the bag, Super Mario 3D World is on to the Nintendo Switch system. Pounce and climb through dozens of colorful stages! Mario (and his friends) can use power-ups like the Super Bell, which grants catlike abilities, like climbing and scratching. Work together locally or online with up to three other players to reach the goaland to see who can get a high score. The Super Mario 3D World + Bowser's Fury game features the same great co-op gameplay, creative levels and power-ups as the original game, but also so much more.",89,8.7																		
NBA Street V3, Xbox,"February 8, 2005","The third installment of NBA Street advances the series by adding more customization, different game modes, and new gameplay features. Now you can build both your reputation and show-stopping Gamebreakers on the streets by performing all-new flashy dunks, dribble tricks, and combos. Step into the shoes of NBA legends, current basketball stars, and original characters from previous games. Play in familiar courts, such as The Cage and Rucker Park, or create your own court from the ground up. NBA Street V3 also features a new dunk contest and online multiplayer modes.",89,7.9																		
Need for Speed: Hot Pursuit 2, PlayStation 2,"October 1, 2002","Become the ""Champion Road Racer"" by conquering numerous racing events, all carrying rewards such as: cars, tracks and high performance upgrades. The game challenges the driver to dodge traffic, police and natural elements in high speed and high style... true NFS style! Evade any cops encountered, as getting busted just might end your career. [Electronic Arts]",89,8.5																		
Grand Theft Auto IV: The Ballad of Gay Tony, Xbox 360,"October 29, 2009","[Xbox Live Arcade] Grand Theft Auto IV's second downloadable episode, The Ballad of Gay Tony injects Liberty City with an overdose of guns, glitz, and grime. As Luis Lopez, part-time hoodlum and full-time assistant to legendary nightclub impresario Tony Prince (aka ""Gay Tony""), players will struggle with the competing loyalties of family and friends, and with the uncertainty about who is real and who is fake in a world in which everyone has a price. [Rockstar Games]",89,8.6																		
The Legend of Zelda: The Minish Cap, Game Boy Advance,"January 10, 2005","Link returns in an all-new Game Boy Advance adventure. When the sorcerer Vaati turns Princess Zelda to stone, the king of Hyrule sends Link on a quest that takes him to all-new locations. Using the power of a mystical hat called the Minish Cap, Link must travel through a fantastic world rife with new items, puzzles, and bosses. As Link, you can shrink down to either battle large enemies from within or find secret items. You can also unlock items and solve puzzles by fusing together magic relics.",89,8.9																		
NCAA Football 2005, Xbox,"July 15, 2004","Kick off the football season with NCAA Football 2005, a game that brings you closer to the players, stadiums, and atmosphere of college football. For the first time in the series, the game-day atmosphere directly affects players' on-field performance. Create mismatches with the new Match-Up Stick, and then celebrate big plays with new fan celebrations, like the Gator Chomp and the Texas Hook 'Em Horns. NCAA Football 2005 also features online tournaments, a deeper Dynasty mode, and a host of other gameplay enhancements.",89,7.8																		
NCAA Football 2004, GameCube,"July 16, 2003","Experience the spirit, atmosphere, and emotion of college football like NCAA Football 2004. Whether you play as the one of the 36 new 1-AA teams or 20 classic teams from the last two decades, the game lets you celebrate the history of college football. Feel the tradition of college football Saturdays with all-new pre-game introductions and experience the pageantry with new mascots, flag-waving cheerleaders, and cannons. Other key features this season include improved college gameplay, EA Sports Online competition for the PlayStation 2, deeper Dynasty mode, and over 15 new teams and the all-new EA Sports Bio.",89,7.2																		
Combat Mission: Barbarossa to Berlin, PC,"October 29, 2002","CMBB is the sequel to the award winning ""Combat Mission: Beyond Overlord"" game. CMBB is a 1 or 2 player, hybrid turn-based/realtime 3D simulation of WWII tactical warfare on the Eastern Front, from June 1941 through May 1945. It combines unparalleled game depth, stunning graphics and sound with a proven and easy to use interface in a true 3D environment. [Battlefront.com]",89,7.3																		
NHL 2002, Xbox,"December 10, 2001","Be the Hero with NHL® 2002! Rush the net in pursuit of the game-winning goal, guard the crease with your life to shut out the opposition, and watch it all from the player's point of view. New features include the ""Breakaway Camera"", ""EA GameStory"" which recognizes and rewards outstanding performance, and ""Create-a-Player"" so you can really put yourself in the game. Whether you're an intense power forward or bruising defenseman, you'll feel pure adrenaline as you take the ice -- but don't take our word for it, experience it for yourself.",89,6.8																		
Homeworld: Cataclysm, PC,"September 7, 2000","Homeworld: Cataclysm boasts 18 all-new ships, 25 new technologies, 17 single-player missions, and fantastic multiplay, while improving on the interface and technology that earned Homeworld 1999's highest accolades. [Sierra Studios]",89,8.8																		
Tetris Effect, PlayStation 4,"November 9, 2018","From deep beneath the ocean to the furthest reaches of outer space, Tetris Effect’s 30-plus stages are more than just backdrops	 together with music, characters, and animations tailor-made for each level and triggered by your actions, they’re all meant to make you feel something — to convey a mood, or even provoke an emotional response. [Enhance, Inc.]",89,7.6																	
Fez, Xbox 360,"April 13, 2012","This quirky platformer stars a little white creature with a bright red fez. Gomez is a 2D being living in a 2D world. Or is he? When the existence of a mysterious 3rd dimension is unveiled, Gomez embarks on a journey that will usher him to the very end of time and space. Utilize your ability to navigate 3D structures from 4 distinct 2D perspectives. Explore an open-ended world full of secrets, puzzles and hidden treasures. Re-open the mysteries of the past and discover the truth about reality and perception. Alter your perspective and see the world in a different way.",89,6.2																		
Cave Story, Wii,"March 22, 2010","[WiiWare] Cave Story takes you into a rare world where a curious race of innocent, rabbit-like creatures called Mimiga run free. You wake up in a dark cave with no memory of who you are, where you came from or why you're in such a place. Uncovering Mimiga Village, you discover that the once-carefree Mimiga are in danger at the hands of a maniacal scientist. Their only hope rests squarely on the shoulders of a quiet, amnesiac boy who can't remember his own name. Take control, learn the origins of this world's power, stop the delusional villain and save the Mimiga.",89,8.7																		
Dark Souls II: Scholar of the First Sin, Xbox One,"April 7, 2015","Dark Souls II: Scholar of the First Sin includes the 3 previously released DLC packs - Crown of the Sunken King, Crown of the Old Iron King, and Crown of the ivory King - along with additional features. All versions of the game include the following features (Existing Dark Souls II owners will receive a patch to implement these elements): Additional NPCs added for an enhanced story experience. Parameter adjustments for improved game balance. Augmented item descriptions. Improved online matchmaking functionality. [Bandai Namco]",89,7.7																		
The Walking Dead: Episode 5 - No Time Left, PC,"November 21, 2012","Assume the role of Lee Everett, a convicted criminal, who has been given a second chance at life in a world infested with the undead. With corpses returning to life and survivors stopping at nothing to maintain their own safety, protecting an orphaned girl named Clementine may offer him redemption in a world gone to hell.",89,8.8																		
Guild Wars, PC,"April 26, 2005","Guild Wars takes the best elements of today's massively multiplayer online games and combines them with a new mission-based design that eliminates the tedium of those games. You can meet new friends in towns or outposts, form a party, and then go tackle a quest together. Your party always has its own unique copy of the quest map, so camping, kill-stealing, and long lines to complete quests are all things of the past. Within a quest you have unprecedented freedom and power to manipulate the world around you: your magic can build bridges and open up new pathways, or it can burn down forests and tear the ground asunder. You don't have to spend countless hours on a leveling treadmill to get to the interesting parts of the game, because combat is designed to be strategically interesting and challenging right from the beginning. You don't have to spend hours running around the world to prepare for a quest, because Guild Wars allows you to instantly travel to the beginning of any quest that you've previously unlocked. You'll never spend days playing only to discover that choices you made early on have left you with a permanently uncompetitive character, because the unique skill system in Guild Wars allows infinite experimentation but doesn't allow bad decisions to ruin a character. And you'll never meet new players only to discover that you can't play with them or compete against them because their characters are on a different server than yours	 in Guild Wars, all characters live in one seamless world. [NCsoft]",89,8.3																	
Borderlands 2, PC,"September 17, 2012","Borderlands 2 advances the distinct blending of FPS and role-playing genres to create an evolution of the Role Playing Shooter. Team up with up to 3 other players for 4-player online goodness or go old-school with 2-player split-screen couch sharing mayhem as you spend hours leveling up your character and equipping them with one of the millions of badass weapons. Borderlands 2 features a new array of procedurally generated guns, shields, grenades, artifacts, enemies and more. Choose one of the 4 new character classes to be taken through a carefully crafted and connected story to all new and surprising environments across the living planet of Pandora. Make new friends, arm them to the teeth and fight alongside them on your relentless quest for revenge and redemption.",89,8.2																		
Slay the Spire, PC,"January 23, 2019","We fused card games and roguelikes together to make the best single player deckbuilder we could. Craft a unique deck, encounter bizarre creatures, discover relics of immense power, and Slay the Spire!",89,7.5																		
World Soccer Winning Eleven 9, Xbox,"February 7, 2006","World Soccer Winning Eleven 9 is the latest version of Konami's soccer simulator series. Added this year are more clubs from the Italian Series A, Spanish La Liga, and Dutch Eredivisie Leagues, as well as a number of other individual clubs. One hundred thirty-six clubs in six different leagues are available for play to get to the various cups featured in the game. Incrementally improved graphics and AI are also included. The game is online compatible, so you can play out rivalries across the globe.",89,7.1																		
Guitar Hero 5, Wii,"September 1, 2009","For the first time ever, players can customize the make-up of their band by rocking with any combination of instruments in-game: whether it be two guitars and two drums, or three guitars and a microphone, any combination is possible, allowing players to experience music their own way. Brand new, innovative, easy-to-use gameplay modes like Party Play and RockFest put fun, competition and control at center stage as fans tailor the Guitar Hero experience to match their personal style and interests. For extended hours of entertainment, downloadable content from Guitar Hero World Tour is compatible with the game and can automatically be updated to include all of the upgrades and enhancements of Guitar Hero 5. Guitar Hero 5 features the strongest, most varied set list to-date comprised of master tracks from 85 of the hottest bands of today and the biggest classic acts including	 Kings of Leon, The Rolling Stones, The White Stripes, Santana, Vampire Weekend, Tom Petty, Johnny Cash, Bob Dylan, plus more than 25 artists from a variety of music genres that are making their music video game debut. Among the first-time-ever features of Guitar Hero 5 are: Party Play, where players can jump in or drop out of gameplay seamlessly	 RockFest, a comprehensive competitive experience available featuring five new head-to-head modes playable online or in your living room	 and the ability to play the entire set-list from the first time the game is turned on. Guitar Hero 5 refines the player experience, enhances the art style and redesigns core features such as GHMusic StudioSM, making it the most accessible, fun-to-play and authentic experience for seasoned music gamers as well as first-time players. New innovations such as Band Moments, where bands are rewarded for hitting special note streams together and song challenges where gamers are tasked to play through a song a specific way, add a new competitive layer of excitement and accomplishment to the music rhythm genre. [Activision]",89,7.1															
Ace Combat 04: Shattered Skies, PlayStation 2,"November 1, 2001","The Ace Combat series soars once again. Experience aerial combat like never before. A brand new gripping storyline and 18 fabulous missions will keep pilots-to-be on the edge of their seats. Released as ""Distant Thunder"" in UK & Europe. [Namco]",89,8.7																		
Max Payne, PC,"July 23, 2001","A story-driven third-person shooter with a realistic weapon setup including over a dozen real-life guns, all fitting the crime-story setting like a bullet in the head. The action is surrounded with more than 80 hand-painted comic-screens that enhance the game's gritty atmosphere and attitude, introduce the game's murderous cast of characters, and carry the plot from one location to the next. [Gathering of Developers]",89,9.1																		
Final Fantasy VII Remake Intergrade, PlayStation 5,"June 10, 2021","FINAL FANTASY VII REMAKE expands upon and reimagines the spectacular world of the original PlayStation game. It covers up through the escape from Midgar and is the first game in the FINAL FANTASY VII REMAKE project. INTERGRADE is a bundle that includes both REMAKE and the new episode featuring Yuffie. In her episode, play as the spirited ninja after she arrives in Midgar. There, she and another Wutaian operative are to rendezvous with Avalanche HQ, infiltrate the Shinra Building, and steal the conglomerate's most powerful materia. FINAL FANTASY VII REMAKE INTERGRADE takes advantage of the latest generation hardware and includes a wealth of graphical, gameplay and system enhancements for the PS5: Immerse yourself in the city of Midgar like never before, with improved textures, lighting, and background environments. Players can switch between two game modes: ""Graphics Mode"" prioritizes 4K high-resolution graphics ""Performance Mode"" prioritizes smooth action at 60 frames per second Capture and share your memorable moments from the game with a fully customizable “Photo Mode” Enjoy immersive battles by using the DualSense wireless controller, with its haptic feedback integration, and enjoy dynamic bike racing with its adaptive triggers. New difficulty settings for ‘Classic Mode’ provide new ways to play Jump into the action faster with optimized loading times",89,8.5																		
3D Streets of Rage II, 3DS,"July 23, 2015","Original rumblers Axel and Blaze slam the asphalt with bigger, better, totally devastating attacks! Skull-crushing ex-wrestler Max Thunder joins up with earth-shattering body slams and spinning fist attacks. New thrasher Skate slices punks with high speed in-line skate attacks and spinning jump kicks. Go maniac with jaw-shattering, bone-busting punches, head-cracking jump kicks and secret weapons. Gangs of dirt bikers dive into you from every side. Smash 'em with a pipe as they speed by. 16 gigantic megs of compound fractures! All new moves, and more of 'em! Bust knuckles with a friend in an all-new 2-player head-to-head mode!",89,7.6																		
Out of the Park Baseball 15, PC,"April 21, 2014","In OOTP 15 you guide your team to glory. Set up your roster, trade players, draft the next superstar, negotiate with free agents, discover talent in the rule-5 draft, keep an eye on your minor leaguers, scout foreign countries or other leagues, it's all here. On top of the GM features, OOTP sports a great baseball simulation engine with stunning statistical accuracy and extensive play-by-play. It is widely regarded as the most realistic baseball game available, by far! You call all the shots from the dugout and see the game unfold before your eyes.",89,7.2																		
MVP Baseball 2004, GameCube,"March 9, 2004","Step up to the plate with MVP Baseball 2004. The fundamentals of hitting, pitching, fielding, and base-running have been reproduced realistically to give you complete control over every aspect of the game. From swinging for the fences or protecting the plate when you have a two-strike count, the all-new batting model provides unprecedented command of each type of swing in every situation. With solid gameplay and many additional features such as Pitching Challenge and Dynasty Mode, MVP Baseball 2004 allows you to experience the game like never before.",89,7.2																		
Tiger Woods PGA Tour 2004, GameCube,"September 22, 2003","While professional golfer Tiger Woods has no equal on the PGA Tour, you now have the chance to build a golfer that's even better. Take your custom golfer through the trials and tribulations of all the courses in Tiger Woods PGA Tour 2004, earning cash to spend on new digs and advanced equipment. Use the analog stick to shape any shot type such as the flop or punch. Go head-to-head against the computer, a friend, or an online player with PS2's network adapter. With all the top competition on some of the most famous fairways and greens ever, this is the one of the most complete golf experiences yet.",89,7.1																		
Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell, PlayStation 2,"April 8, 2003","Infiltrate terrorists' positions, acquire critical intelligence by any means necessary, execute with extreme prejudice, and exit without a trace! You are Sam Fisher, a highly trained secret operative of the NSA's secret arm: Third Echelon. The world balance is in your hands, as cyber terrorism and international tensions are about to explode into WWIII. [Ubi Soft]",89,7.9																		
Max Payne, Xbox,"December 12, 2001","Max Payne is a man with nothing to lose--a fugitive undercover cop framed for murder, and now hunted by the cops and the mob. As Payne, you'll uncover plot twists, engage in dramatic ""bullet-time"" firefights with thugs, and fight your way through an unforgiving New York blizzard. Max can wield a variety of weapons including pistols, submachine guns, shotguns, sniper rifles, grenades, and Molotov cocktails. Prepare yourself for an involving story combined with slick action.",89,8.2																		
Fire Emblem: Three Houses, Switch,"July 26, 2019","War is coming to the continent of Fódlan. Here, order is maintained by the Church of Seiros, which hosts the prestigious Officer's Academy within its headquarters. You are invited to teach one of its three mighty houses, each comprised of students brimming with personality and represented by a royal from one of three territories. As their professor, you must lead your students in their academic lives and in turn-based, tactical RPG battles wrought with strategic, new twists to overcome. Which house, and which path, will you choose?",89,8.8																		
World in Conflict, PC,"September 18, 2007","War is Coming Home. West Germany, 1989. To avoid certain collapse, the Soviet army boldly advances into Europe. NATO responds only to be met on a second front -- a diversionary attack on the American homeland. You are a field commander, leading the era’s most powerful military machines in the campaign to retake America’s cities and suburbs. Superpowered Warfare - Unleash the arsenals of the great military superpowers in the gripping single-player story created by best-selling author and Cold War authority, Larry Bond. MassTech Engine - The latest version of Massive’s proprietary engine allows for a full 360° range of camera control, allowing you to get right down into the midst of battle. Demolish Everything - Destroy every object in the game – crush cars, destroy buildings, burn forests! Drop-in Multiplayer - Join on-going games and immediately help your team take control of the map. [Sierra]",89,8.1																		
Burnout Revenge, Xbox 360,"March 7, 2006","Burnout Revenge lets gamers rip through rush hour traffic and lay waste to scores of rubbernecking roadhogs in an over-the-top scene of vehicular mayhem. In addition to tricked out new race, crash and road rage modes, Burnout Revenge takes the series' blistering speed and spectacular destruction to dizzying new heights with an all-new Revenge mode, challenging gamers to battle the clock and unleash their frustrations on rush hour traffic. [Electronic Arts]",89,8.3																		
FIFA Soccer 11, PlayStation 3,"September 28, 2010",EA returns to the field with another installment in its long-running soccer series.,89,8.1																		
Final Fantasy XIV: Stormblood, PlayStation 4,"June 20, 2017","Dive into the next chapter of the Final Fantasy XIV Online with its next expansion pack - Stormblood. Explore vast, new lands, including Ala Mhigo, and challenge new Primal threats across Eorzea as you embark on hundreds of new quests as the Warrior of Light. FEATURES * Level cap increased from 60 -> 70 * New jobs, including red mage * New exploration with swimming and diving * New areas to explore * A new primal Lakshmi * New dungeons * New High-level Raid The Bend of Time Omega * New alliance raid Return to Ivalice * The Forbidden Land of Eureka * New gear and crafting recipes * A fourth residential district * Expanded item inventory and changes to the battle system",89,8.6																		
Deus Ex: Human Revolution, PlayStation 3,"August 23, 2011","In Deus Ex: Human Revolution you play Adam Jensen, a security specialist, handpicked to oversee the defense of one of America's most experimental biotechnology firms. But when a black ops team breaks in and kills the scientists you were hired to protect, everything you thought you knew about your job changes. At a time when scientific advancements are routinely turning athletes, soldiers and spies into super-enhanced beings, someone is working very hard to ensure mankind's evolution follows a particular path. You need to discover why - because the decisions you take and the choices you make will be the only things that can determine mankind's future.",89,8.3																		
Stardew Valley, Xbox One,"December 14, 2016","You've inherited your grandfather's old farm plot in Stardew Valley. Armed with hand-me-down tools and a few coins, you set out to begin your new life. Can you learn to live off the land and turn these overgrown fields into a thriving home? It won't be easy. Ever since Joja Corporation came to town, the old ways of life have all but disappeared. The community center, once the town's most vibrant hub of activity, now lies in shambles. But the valley seems full of opportunity. With a little dedication, you might just be the one to restore Stardew Valley to greatness! Features: * Turn your overgrown field into a lively farm! Raise animals, grow crops, start an orchard, craft useful machines, and more! You'll have plenty of space to create the farm of your dreams. * Improve your skills over time. As you make your way from a struggling greenhorn to a master farmer, you'll level up in 5 different areas: farming, mining, combat, fishing, and foraging. As you progress, you'll learn new cooking and crafting recipes, unlock new areas to explore, and customize your skills by choosing from a variety of professions. * Become part of the local community. With over 30 unique characters living in Stardew Valley, you won't have a problem finding new friends! Each person has their own daily schedule, birthday, unique mini-cutscenes, and new things to say throughout the week and year. As you make friends with them, they will open up to you, ask you for help with their personal troubles, or tell you their secrets! Take part in seasonal festivals such as the luau, haunted maze, and feast of the winter star. * Explore a vast, mysterious cave. As you travel deeper underground, you'll encounter new and dangerous monsters, powerful weapons, new environments, valuable gemstones, raw materials for crafting and upgrading tools, and mysteries to be uncovered. * Breathe new life into the valley. Since JojaMart opened, the old way of life in Stardew Valley has changed. Much of the town's infrastructure has fallen into disrepair. Help restore Stardew Valley to it's former glory by repairing the old community center, or take the alternate route and join forces with Joja Corporation. * Court and marry a partner to share your life on the farm with. There are 10 available bachelors and bachelorettes to woo, each with unique character progression cutscenes. Once married, your partner will live on the farm with you. Who knows, maybe you'll have kids and start a family? * Spend a relaxing afternoon at one of the local fishing spots. The waters are teeming with seasonal varieties of delicious fish. Craft bait, bobbers, and crab pots to help you in your journey toward catching every fish and becoming a local legend! * Donate artifacts and minerals to the local museum. * Cook delicious meals and craft useful items to help you out. With over 100 cooking and crafting recipes, you'll have a wide variety of items to create. Some dishes you cook will even give you temporary boosts to skills, running speed, or combat prowess. Craft useful objects like scarecrows, oil makers, furnaces, or even the rare and expensive crystalarium. * Customize the appearance of your character and house. With hundreds of decorative items to choose from, you'll have no trouble creating the home of your dreams! * Xbox controller support (with rumble)! (Keyboard still required for text input) * Over two hours of original music.",89,7.8																		
Castlevania: Dawn of Sorrow, DS,"October 4, 2005","The year is 2036, one year after the events of ""Castlevania: Aria of Sorrow."" Soma Cruz finds himself at the center of a mysterious cult's plan to resurrect their evil lord and master Dracula. In order to save himself and protect the lives of those he loves, Soma must infiltrate the enemy's home base, a towering replica of Dracula's castle that is teaming with monstrous creatures. Defeat foes with the ""Magic Seal"" system using the touch screen. Exchange souls with other players via the DS wireless connection. Features an incredible musical score, next-gen graphics & stunning special effects. [Konami]",89,8.5																		
NBA Street Vol. 2, Xbox,"April 28, 2003","Basketball returns to the streets in NBA Street Vol. 2, featuring more players, electrifying moves, and online multiplayer battles. Defeat the best players in the game today and even bring legends such as Dr. J, Magic, Bird, Wilt, and Moses out of retirement for some on-court brawling. NBA Street Vol. 2 features all-new spectacular dunks, dribbles, and passes that'll take show-stopping Gamebreakers to the next level. You can take your game against computer opponents or friends, or play with up to three other players online. Are you good enough to rule the streets?",89,8.0																		
Sonic Adventure 2, Dreamcast,"June 18, 2001","The world can be a confusing and dangerous place, especially when there are two of you! Sonic must face the new, villainous Shadow but you choose how the story unfolds - you can be a hero, or make friends with the dark-side! In the most thrilling Sonic Adventure ever created there are 6 playable characters, new moves to master, over 30 challenging stages and 3 different 2 player games - will you save the world or conquer it?",89,8.5																		
NASCAR Racing 4, PC,"February 6, 2001",Puts you in the driver's seat of a 750-hp NASCAR Winston Cup car that responds to your every move and leaves your heart pounding! Papyrus originated the NASCAR sim and consistently sets the standard in racing games. [Sierra],89,7.4																		
Duke Nukem 3D, PC,"January 29, 1996","Prepare yourself for the ultimate 3D Slugfest. Murderous aliens have landed in futuristic Los Angeles, and the humans suddenly find themselves atop the endangered species list. The odds are a million-to-one. Just the way Duke likes it. Dive into realistic 3D scenarios, with 28 totally realistic levels, as you drive the sinister aliens through the streets of LA, out to an orbiting station, and onto the surface of the moon itself! An you'll be armed to the teeth with 10 hi-tech weapons. Clear crowds with the pump action Assault Shotgun, blast through enemies and walls with the Rocket Propelled Grenade, splat enemies under foot after blasting them with the Shrinker, cut through trouble with the 3-barel Ripper machine gun, set DukeMatch traps with the wall-mounted Laser Mine, watch enemies shatter after cooling them off with the Freeze Cannon, and 4 more! [FormGen]",89,8.7																		
L.A. Noire, PlayStation 3,"May 17, 2011","L.A. Noire is a next generation crime thriller developed by Team Bondi, a new Australian based studio founded by Brendan McNamara, of ""The Getaway."" L.A Noire is an interactive detective story set in the classic noir period of the late 1940's. It blends action, detection and complex storytelling and draws players into an open-ended challenge to solve a series of gruesome murders. Set in a perfectly recreated Los Angeles before freeways, with a post-war backdrop of corruption, drugs and jazz, L.A. Noire truly blends cinema and gaming. [Rockstar Games]",89,7.8																		
Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 1 + 2, Xbox Series X,"March 26, 2021","Drop back in with the most iconic skateboarding games ever made. Play Tony Hawk's Pro Skater & Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 2 in one epic collection, rebuilt from the ground up in incredible HD. All the pro skaters, levels and tricks are back and fully-remastered, plus more.",89,4.9																		
Okami HD, Switch,"August 9, 2018","In Okami, the player takes the role of the mythical sun goddess Amaterasu, in the form of a wolf. Her task is to restore color (or 'life') to the world by destroying the monsters who have stolen it. Since Amaterasu is a diety, there are naturally people who worship her and people who don't. The more people who worship her (as a result of her restoring color and doing other good deeds for them), the more powerful she becomes.",89,8.6																		
Bastion, PlayStation 4,"April 7, 2015","The goal of the game is to construct a safe haven in the wake of the Calamity, a cataclysmic event that shattered the world into a series of floating islands. As players journey into the wild unknown in search of survivors and supplies, they will confront strange beasts, forge an array of customizable weapons, and gain new powers from specially-brewed spirits. The entire play experience of Bastion is dynamically narrated, gradually revealing a rich backstory as the narrator reacts to the player's actions in real time.",89,7.7																		
Far Cry, PC,"March 23, 2004","A tropical paradise seethes with hidden evil in Far Cry, a cunningly detailed action shooter that pushes the boundaries of combat to shocking new levels. Freelance mariner Jack Carver is cursing the day he ever came to this island. A week ago, a brash female reporter named Valerie had offered him an incredible sum of cash to take her to this unspoiled paradise. Shortly after docking, however, Jack's boat was greeted by artillery fire from a mysterious militia group swarming about the island. With his boat destroyed, his money gone, and the gorgeous Valerie suddenly missing, Jack now finds himself facing an army of mercenaries amidst the wilds of the island, with nothing but a gun and his wits to survive. But the further he pushes into the lush jungle canopy, the stranger things become. [Ubi Soft]",89,8.0																		
Nuclear Throne, PC,"December 5, 2015","Nuclear Throne is Vlambeers latest action roguelike-like about mutants fighting their way through a post-apocalyptic world. The radioactive waste in the world allows mutants to get ahead by mutating new limbs on the fly, the abundant availability of powerful weaponry make the quest to become ruler of the Wasteland one frought with peril.",89,7.7																		
Dead Space, Xbox 360,"October 13, 2008","In the bold and often-bloody Dead Space gamers step into a third-person sci-fi survival horror experience that delivers psychological thrills and gruesome action. Set in the cold blackness of deep space, the atmosphere is soaked with a feeling of tension, dread and sheer terror. In Dead Space, players step into the role of engineer Isaac Clarke – an ordinary man on a seemingly routine mission to fix the communications systems aboard a deep space mining ship. It is not long before Isaac awakes to a living nightmare when he learns that the ship's crew has been ravaged by a vicious alien infestation. He must fight through the dead silence and darkness of deep space to stay alive. [Electronic Arts]",89,8.8																		
Lone Echo, PC,"July 20, 2017","You’re Jack, an advanced cybernetic AI stationed at a mining facility on the rings of Saturn. Alongside Captain Olivia Rhodes, you’ll use your technical ingenuity and futuristic tools to overcome a variety of challenges and obstacles while you investigate a mysterious spatial anomaly.",89,7.9																		
FIFA Soccer 12, PC,"September 27, 2011","FIFA Soccer 12 brings to the pitch a new game-changing Player Impact Engine, which is a physics engine built to deliver real-world physicality in every interaction on the pitch.",89,7.1																		
Dishonored, PlayStation 3,"October 9, 2012","The action in Dishonored takes place in Dunwall, an industrial whaling city where unusual steampunk-inspired technology and other-worldly forces coexist in the dark shadows. You play the role of the once-trusted bodyguard of the beloved Empress. Framed for her murder, you become an infamous assassin, known only by the eerily disturbing mask that has become your claim to fame. In a time of uncertainty, when the city is besieged by plague and ruled by a corrupt government armed with industrial technologies, dark forces conspire to thrust upon you abilities beyond those of any typical man – but at a cost. The truth behind your betrayal is as murky as the waters encircling the city, and the life you once had has slipped away forever.",89,7.9																		
XCOM: Enemy Unknown, PC,"October 8, 2012","Enemy Unknown couples tactical turn-based gameplay with action sequences and on-ground combat. Recruit, specialize and train unique soldiers and manage your personnel. Detect and interrupt the alien threat as you construct and expand your XCOM headquarters. Direct soldier squads in turn-based ground battles and deploy air units such as the Interceptor and Skyranger. The fight spreads around the world as the XCOM team engages in over 70 missions, communicating and negotiating with governments around the world.",89,8.2																		
Mass Effect 3, PC,"March 6, 2012","BioWare completes the Mass Effect Trilogy with Mass Effect 3. Earth is burning. Striking from beyond known space, a race of terrifying machines have begun their destruction of the human race. As Commander Shepard, an Alliance Marine, the only hope for saving mankind is to rally the civilizations of the galaxy and launch one final mission to take back the Earth.",89,6.0																		
Rise of Nations, PC,"May 20, 2003","Dominate 6,000 years of history from the Ancient Age to the Information Age. Which forces will you deploy to lead your nation to global prominence? Trade, espionage, diplomacy?war? Whichever path you choose, you?ll experience the pulse pounding thrill and speed of real-time gaming combined with the epic scope and depth of turn-based strategy games ? brought together for the first time ever in Rise of Nations. Rise of Nations is a new historical real time strategy game from Big Huge Games' Brian Reynolds, designer of PC game classics such as ""Civilization 2"" and ""Alpha Centauri."" In Rise of Nations, you'll create new cities, improve city infrastructures and expand national borders. Conquer foes through military might using everything from sling-shots to cannons to stealth bombers to nuclear weapons	 corner the market on key commodities and consolidate power under your rule	 wheel and deal across time with history's eminent cultures. [Microsoft]",89,8.8																
Apex Legends, PlayStation 4,"February 4, 2019","Conquer with character in Apex Legends, a free-to-play Battle Royale shooter where legendary characters with powerful abilities team up to battle for fame and fortune on the fringes of the Frontier. Master an ever-growing roster of diverse legends, deep tactical squad play, and bold new innovations that level-up the Battle Royale experience—all within a rugged world where anything goes. Welcome to the next evolution of Battle Royale.",89,6.9																		
Shin Megami Tensei: Persona 3 FES, PlayStation 2,"April 22, 2008","Lead a group of high school students with a dangerous extracurricular activity: exploring the mysterious tower Tartarus and fighting the sinister Shadows during the Dark Hour, a frozen span of time imperceptible to all but a select few. However, the end of their quest is no longer the end of the story--witness for the first time the aftermath of the final battle and the students' struggle to find meaning in their new lives. Persona 3 FES contains an enhanced version of the original game, loaded with new Personas and cutscenes, a weapon synthesis system, additional quests and events, a hard difficulty mode, and the ability to change your characters' clothes. 30 additional hours of gameplay - Take the role of Aigis in a brand new Persona 3 episode that plays as a full game with an original story, extra cutscenes and objectives, and seventeen new music tracks. [Atlus USA]",89,7.7																		
Burnout 2: Point of Impact, GameCube,"April 9, 2003","Burnout 2: Point of Impact is the follow-up to the original smash hit with improved graphics, faster gameplay, and bigger, more spectacular crashes. While the first Burnout was inspired by European movies and locations, its sequel is inspired by American films such as The Fast and the Furious. Set in US locations, the game gives you an all-new set of vehicles: modified Japanese cars, pickups, SUVs - plus some bonus rides such as police cruisers, and classic 50's hotrods. Also, expect tighter handling, better crash deformations, new music, new game structure, enhanced physics, new lighting, improved car models, a new replay system, and fast-paced fun.",89,8.7																		
World Series Baseball 2K3, Xbox,"March 10, 2003","Sega Sports™ World Series® Baseball 2K3 spent the off-season improving what was already the best baseball franchise by adding ESPN broadcast presentation, more classic uniforms for every team, historical ballparks, player-specific batting stances and pitching styles for Hall of Fame legends, and more. This year, World Series Baseball 2K3 is in a league of its own!",89,7.3																		
NASCAR Racing 2003 Season, PC,"February 14, 2003","Battle your way to the lead pack in the most immersive racing game of the season! Go bumper-to-bumper against all of your 2003 NASCAR favorites on all 23 real-life tracks, or draft to gain speed and blow right past them at 200 mph. Take the checkered flag and experience the thrill that only NASCAR can deliver. [Sierra]",89,7.8																		
Descent 3, PC,"June 14, 2000","Descent 2 ended with you drifting helplessly in deep space. Just as your life support begins to fail, you are miraculously rescued by a group of renegade researchers. Soon after, the researchers confide that a Dr. Swietzer has been secretly developing the deadly robot virus you've encountered in the mines. Upon agreeing to help the researchers locate Swietzer, you learn that Dravis, the corporate executive who contracted you, not only is working with Swietzer, but intentionally sabotaged your warp drive, leaving you stranded in the depths of space. Rejuvenated with a desire for revenge, you focus your search for Swietzer, and eagerly await your next meeting with Dravis. The gut-wrenching Descent saga continues with more pulse-pounding action than ever before. Dive into massive subterranean strongholds and experience a whole new degree of freedom powered by the all-new Fusion engine. Test your piloting skills against an army of assault-bots using an extensive arsenal of firepower. Prepare yourself for an explosive new 3D action-experience that will turn your world INSIDE-OUT! [Interplay]",89,7.7																		
Resident Evil 2, PlayStation,"January 21, 1998","Ready or not, the terror of Resident Evil 2 is here. In chapter one, the case of the disastrous T-virus outbreak--a mutagenic toxin designed for biological weapons--was eventually closed but the experiments were far from over. Control the destiny of Leon Kennedy or Claire Redfield as their nightmare begins when a biotech terror runs rampant in Raccoon City. Relentless zombies and hideous monsters are all out for a taste of your blood. If the suspense doesn't kill you, something else will.",89,9.2																		
The Curse of Monkey Island, PC,"October 31, 1997","Quick - what has dozens of monkeys, ghost pirates galore and more insults than a cranky parrot? Why, The Curse of Monkey Island, of course! In this highly anticipated third installment to LucasArts' popular Monkey Island series of graphic adventures, Guybrush Threepwood once again takes up dull blade and rapier wit against the nefarious demon-pirate LeChuck. In Curse, Guybrush must save his one true love, Elaine Marley, from being turned into the evil pirate's zombie bride. But, hoping to marry Elaine himself, Guybrush unknowingly slips a cursed ring onto her finger that transforms her into a gold statue. He must then find a way to change Elaine back to her beautiful self and stop LeChuck from carrying out his sinister plans. Aye, 'tis a rollicking piratey adventure that's sure to challenge the mind and shiver a few timbers! [LucasArts]",89,9.0																		
Rez Infinite, PC,"August 9, 2017","To resolve the world's rising crime rates, a new system called Project-K was created. However, Eden, the core of Project-K, has fallen into a vegetative state. Now it's up to you, a hacker, to travel through a cyberspace filled with firewalls, viruses, and other obstacles, and jump-start the system's artificial intelligence. Scattered throughout the levels are evolution spheres, which let you transform into more powerful humanoid forms. The game features a pounding soundtrack and unique vector worlds.",89,7.3																		
Dark Souls: Artorias of the Abyss, Xbox 360,"October 23, 2012","The Dark Souls DLC, Artorias of the Abyss grants you access to new maps and environments, boss characters, enemies and non-playable characters, weapons and armour, and additional challenging content for stalwart heroes to face and an online match-making feature for co-op or player vs. player gameplay, allowing gamers to showcase their skills against other Dark Souls players around the world.",89,8.6																		
Metal Gear Solid HD Collection, PlayStation 3,"November 8, 2011","Metal Gear Solid HD Collection bundles Metal Gear Solid 2: Sons of Liberty, Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater and Metal Gear Solid: Peace Walker and updates them with HD visuals.",89,8.9																		
Battlefield 3, PC,"October 25, 2011","As bullets whiz by, walls crumble, and explosions throw you to the ground, the battlefield feels more alive and interactive than ever before. In Battlefield 3, players step into the role of the elite U.S. Marines where they will experience heart-pounding single player missions and competitive multiplayer actions ranging across diverse locations from around the globe including Europe, Middle-East and North America.",89,7.6																		
Synth Riders, PlayStation 4,"August 10, 2021","Synth Riders is your freestyle dancing VR rhythm alternative. Lose yourself in the incredible music, ride the rails, meet friends in the multiplayer, and become a part of the VR rhythm revolution!",89,tbd																		
Dead Space 2, PlayStation 3,"January 25, 2011","Hero Isaac Clarke returns for another heart-pounding adventure, taking the fight to the Necromorphs in this thrilling action-horror experience. New tools to gruesomely slice and dismember the Necromorphs complement Isaac's signature Plasma Cutter, empowering him as he meets new characters, explores epic Zero-G environments, and fights against a relentless necromorph onslaught. Survival isn't the only thing on Isaac's mind in Dead Space 2 – this time, he calls the shots. [Electronic Arts]",89,8.5																		
Battlefield 1942, PC,"September 10, 2002","In Battlefield 1942, you will experience the heat of battle as you heroically storm the beaches of Normandy, drive a tank across the deserts of northern Africa, pilot a fighter plane during the Battle of Midway, command a battleship at Guadalcanal, or parachute and commandeer a jeep in operation Market Garden. It is the only first person, team-based action game that places you in the midst of a raging WWII battlefield with 35 ""machines of war"" under your control. You'll pick up the sidearm of your choice and get behind the wheel of a variety of vehicles, ships, and aircraft to go to war on land, sea, and air during some of the most famous and pivotal battles of the Second World War. [Electronic Arts]",89,8.5																		
Dreams, PlayStation 4,"February 14, 2020","Dreams is the space you go to where you go to play and experience the dreams of Media Molecule and its community. It’s also a space in which to create your own dreams, whether they’re games, art, films, music or anything in-between and beyond. [Media Molecule]",89,8.7																		
Einhander, PlayStation,"May 5, 1998","Pilot the most technologically advanced shooter ever created. You're a suicide pilot up against Earth's final assault. Cut through hordes of enemy fighters and battle the most monstrous bosses ever designed. Pilot fully loaded tactical fighters. Modify speed and agility on the fly. Single, double, and triple gunpod designs. Extendible claw for stealing enemy weapons. Armed for gatling guns, homing missiles, cannons, and more. Two bonus fighters earned through meritorious battle.",89,8.8																		
Deus Ex: Human Revolution, Xbox 360,"August 23, 2011","In Deus Ex: Human Revolution you play Adam Jensen, a security specialist, handpicked to oversee the defense of one of America's most experimental biotechnology firms. But when a black ops team breaks in and kills the scientists you were hired to protect, everything you thought you knew about your job changes. At a time when scientific advancements are routinely turning athletes, soldiers and spies into super-enhanced beings, someone is working very hard to ensure mankind's evolution follows a particular path. You need to discover why - because the decisions you take and the choices you make will be the only things that can determine mankind's future.",89,8.3																		
Psychonauts 2, PC,"August 25, 2021","Razputin Aquato, trained acrobat and powerful young psychic, has realized his life long dream of joining the international psychic espionage organization known as the Psychonauts! But these psychic super spies are in trouble. Their leader hasn't been the same since he was kidnapped, and what's worse, there's a mole hiding in headquarters. Raz must use his powers to stop the mole before they execute their secret plan--to bring the murderous psychic villain, Maligula, back from the dead.",89,6.8																		
The Chronicles of Riddick: Escape From Butcher Bay, Xbox,"June 1, 2004","The most wanted man in the universe comes to your neighborhood in The Chronicles of Riddick: Escape From Butcher Bay. Set before the events of two movies, The Chronicles of Riddick and Pitch Black, the game tells the story of Riddick's escape from the previously inescapable maximum security prison Butcher Bay, which is home to the most violent prisoners in the galaxy. Battle your enemies in first-person or third-person views using shooting, stealth, or hand-to-hand combat. With Riddick's eye-shine, you can easily see through the dark to take out your foes.",89,8.8																		
The Walking Dead: Episode 5 - No Time Left, Xbox 360,"November 21, 2012","The concluding episode of a five-part series set in Robert Kirkman’s zombie apocalypse. With time running out and the odds stacked against you, Clementine’s fate is in your hands. The culmination of your choices leads to the dramatic conclusion of this first season of The Walking Dead. Purchase of this DLC requires The Walking Dead - Episode 1: A New Day.",89,8.8																		
Madden NFL 2003, PC,"August 12, 2002","The Next Level of Online Play: Join EA SPORTS Online and play in Quick Tournaments, Two-Minute Drill mode and Mini-Camp Challenge with detailed stats. Audio Dream Team: Legendary announcer Al Michaels joins John Madden. Deepest Franchise Mode Ever: Play 30 years of Franchise mode and draft players each season with tips from your scouts. Create the Ultimate Online Hero: Take your created player online, earn points and spend them to customize accessories. New Enhanced Game Engine: Based on the same engine used in the console versions of Madden NFL 2003. [EA Sports]",89,7.1																		
WWF No Mercy, Nintendo 64,"November 17, 2000","Jump into the ring with the biggest, baddest jambronis around and experience brutal WWF action never before seen in a console game! Over 65 WWF superstars, all-new Ladder matches, and all-new Double-Team moves, like the Dudley 3D Deathdrop! Take on the entire Federation in Survival Mode. Take the action out of the ring in 10 different backstage areas!",89,8.5																		
Gran Turismo 4, PlayStation 2,"February 22, 2005","Gran Turismo 4 features a truly authentic racing experience spanning 100 years of automotive history. Packed with more cars, courses, race modes and online gameplay via the Network Adaptor, Gran Turismo 4 delivers enhanced, if not perfected game physics and graphics. New physics engine adding a higher level of realism in cars, which allows for cars to be handled easier. More than 5,000 polygons per vehicle capture exceptional detail, right down to the disc brakes behind the wheel. Up to 100 courses including Nurburgring, New York City, the Grand Canyon, Tsukuba Circuit, Fuji Speedway, Citta di Aria, Hong Kong, Costa di Amalfi and others. Includes courses that can be played in reverse mode. More than 500 vehicles encompassing manufacturers from around the world with a range from vintage to modern models seen today. All vehicles are fully customizable from racing tires to gear ratio. Race opponents posses advanced artificial intelligence, which allows for behavior that captures human-like emotion. Compatible with the Logitech Driving ForceTM Pro Wheel. GT Career 'Simulation' Mode ? Via the GT Universe, players start from the bottom and race to earn money, unlock cars and courses, buy and sell cars and upgrade parts while competing in more than 200 various championship races. GT Online Mode ? Features head-to-head racing for up to six players per race. Chat functionality and in-depth menu screens for the ability to build communities to interact about automotive topics. GT Arcade Mode - Players compete against each other or the artificial intelligence with select cars on select courses. More cars and course are available in the GT Arcade Mode when they are unlocked in the GT Career Simulation Mode. GT Photo Mode ? Players can travel around the globe with their car(s) and conduct photo sessions in various popular locations that include Piazza San Marco, Shibuya, Tsumago, Sagano and more. Once the photo is taken in the game, the player can save it to their memory card and have the option to share with friends or print out a color copy via a USB Printer. [Sony]",89,8.7																		
Dragon Age: Inquisition, PlayStation 4,"November 18, 2014","Choose and spearhead a team of characters into rough battles against a variety of enemies – from earth-shaking High Dragons to demonic forces from the otherworld of the Fade. Go mano y mano in visceral, heroic combat as your followers fight at your six, or switch to tactical view to coordinate lethal offensives using the combined might of your company. View the tangible results of your path through a living world – construct structures, customize outposts, and change the landscape itself as environments are re-shaped in the wake of your Inquisition. Lead a company selected from nine unique, fully-realized characters – each of whom react to your actions and choices differently, forming complex relationships both with you and with each other. Hone your own character from multiple races, customize their appearance, and select their powers and abilities as the game progresses. Extensive customization options allow you to choose everything from the color of your follower’s boots to the features of your Inquisition stronghold. Become an agent of change in a time of uncertainty and upheaval. Shape the course of empires, bring war or peace to factions in conflict, and drive the ultimate fate of the Inquisition. Will you stop the cataclysmic anarchy gripping the Dragon Age? [Electronic Arts]",89,7.4																		
The Beatles: Rock Band, Xbox 360,"September 9, 2009","The game represents the first time fans will be able to experience The Beatles’ musical career for themselves. From the early touring days in 1963 Liverpool to the immortal, final performance on the Apple Corps rooftop, fans can follow in the band’s footsteps as they traverse the globe during the height of Beatlemania. Adding to the experience is the introduction of three-part vocal harmonies to game play, allowing gamers to revel in the unparalleled vocal stylings of the Fab Four. Beatles fans will also be thrilled to hear previously unreleased authentic voice recordings from John, Paul, George and Ringo chatting between takes during studio sessions recorded at Abbey Road more than four decades ago. The game begins during the band's earliest days at The Cavern Club in Liverpool, England. Gamers then travel across the Atlantic to experience the band's unforgettable 1964 performance on The Ed Sullivan Show, the sold-out concert at New York’s Shea Stadium in 1965, and conclude at The Beatles’ memorable concert at Budokan in Tokyo, Japan in 1966. The Beatles' studio years come to life in legendary Studio 2 at Abbey Road Studios. Highlighting the studio years are inspired artistic visual expressions known as Dreamscapes, intended to transport players to imaginative environments that capture the essence of The Beatles’ genre-busting musical and fashion transformations during their later years. The game follows The Beatles to 1969 where story mode culminates with their final performance on the rooftop of the Apple Corps Headquarters. The Beatles: Rock Band offers a new set of hardware representing the instruments made famous by John, Paul, George and Ringo. Featured in the set are the Rickenbacker 325 and Gretsch Duo Jet guitars - hailed as two of the celebrated, signature instruments played by John Lennon and George Harrison throughout their careers. Also included is a Höfner bass controller - a large-scale version of the bass famously used by Sir Paul McCartney. Rounding out the set is a Ringo Starr inspired, Ludwig-branded Rock Band 2 drum set with a classic pearl finish and vintage remake of a Beatles kick drum head. [MTV Games]",89,8.5																		
Advance Wars 2: Black Hole Rising, Game Boy Advance,"June 24, 2003","Just when you thought you'd seen the last of them, the Black Hole Army is storming back in this sequel to the award-winning Game Boy Advance strategy game. With new COs under his command, Sturm is leading a new invasion force, and it'll take advance strategy to stop him!",89,8.9																		
DiRT 2, PC,"December 8, 2009","(Also known as ""Colin McRae: DiRT 2"" in the UK/EU) DiRT 2 takes racing games to a new level with thrilling new race types, striking locations, big event atmosphere, and a peerless line-up of super-charged speed machines, each selected to deliver spectacular, fast-paced racing. Taking players on an exhilarating World Tour, DiRT 2 delivers over 100 stunning events, including aggressive, multi-vehicle races and intense solo challenges, set in the most diverse and demanding real-world environments. From the muddy tracks of the Malaysian rainforest to spectator-packed stadiums in London and Los Angeles, racers compete in contemporary off-road race disciplines covering Rallycross, Trailblazer, Raid, Landrush, and Rally. Embracing the culture and new heroes of modern off-road racing, DiRT 2 features an exciting line-up of the best new rally drivers - including the multi medal-winning Subaru Rally Team USA driver Ken Block alongside Travis Pastrana, Dave Mirra, and Tanner Faust, who help players build their racing career. [Codemasters]",89,8.2																		
Return of the Obra Dinn, PC,"October 18, 2018",Return of the Obra Dinn is a first-person mystery adventure based on exploration and logical deduction.,89,8.4																		
Lumines, PSP,"March 22, 2005","Bust blocks, groove through puzzles, and jam wirelessly with friends. Stack 'em right and you'll unlock lush looks and buttery beats. Want to be lumines? Just let the music guide you. Advance through 24 action-packed levels, each with its own musical theme and sound effects. 4 gameplay modes including single-player and multiplayer ensure varied and lengthy gameplay. Time attacks, duels, and puzzle challenges await! Unlock new customizable skins and avatars as you progress. Flaunt your progress in multiplayer mode	 push your opponent right off the screen. Challenge yourself, or go head to head with an opponent via wireless multiplayer functionality. Listen as the jam intensifies depending on your skills. Stack 'em and crack 'em to unlock the best beats and score high points. Combo and link for best results. [Ubisoft]",89,6.8																	
L.A. Noire, Xbox 360,"May 17, 2011",Rockstar Games and Team Bondi are crafting a film noir-style detective thriller for the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.,89,7.9																		
Ratchet & Clank Future: Tools of Destruction, PlayStation 3,"October 23, 2007","After saving countless planets from dreadful doom and earning intergalactic mega-celebrity status in the process, Ratchet and Clank have taken some well-deserved RandR -- again. Yet, Ratchet remains restless. An orphan of the universe, he has never known anything of his past, his family, or his Lombax origins. And no one, not even Clank, can fill that void. Unfortunately for Ratchet, someone else is equally interested in Ratchet's origins: Emperor Percival Tachyon. In his thirst for revenge, the vile tyrant of an ancient race of foul insect-like monsters called Cragmites has festered an age-old grudge and is bent on wiping the last-known Lombax off the universe. As Tachyon's forces ambush Ratchet and Clank in their home galaxy, our heroes realize they need to escape quickly to prevent its destruction. In a move of desperate irony, Ratchet and Clank steal Tachyon's imperial warship and embark upon an adventure bigger than any they've experienced- one that will not only unravel the mystery of the Lombaxes, but also test the very limits of their friendship. [SCEA]",89,8.8																		
Peggle, Xbox 360,"March 11, 2009","[Xbox Live Arcade] Experience the ball-bouncing, peg-busting phenomenon sweeping the globe, now on Xbox LIVE Arcade. Do you have what it takes to become a Peggle master? Conquer dozens of levels with 10 different characters, each with a unique special power. Face off against two to four friends in multiplayer play over Xbox LIVE, and test your skills with the Grand Master Challenges. Take your best shot. Game modes: Enjoy multiple game modes like Adventure and Quick Play. Multiple challenges: Play through more than 55 levels and 75 challenges, using 10 Peggle Masters with unique abilities. Multiplayer: Join with friends for 2-4 way multiplayer over Xbox LIVE plus local multiplayer, co-op, and party game modes. [PopCap Games]",89,7.7																		
Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell Double Agent, Xbox,"October 24, 2006","Veteran agent Sam Fisher is back. But he's never faced an enemy like this before. To stop a devastating terrorist attack, he must infiltrate a vicious terrorist group and destroy it from within. For the first time ever, experience the relentless tension and gut-wrenching dilemmas of life as a double agent. As you infiltrate a terrorist organization in its American headquarters, you must carefully weigh the consequences of your actions. Kill too many criminals and you'll blow your cover. Hesitate too long and millions will die. Do whatever it takes to complete your mission, but get out alive.",89,8.2																		
Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 1 + 2, PlayStation 4,"September 4, 2020","Drop back in with the most iconic skateboarding games ever made. Play Tony Hawk's Pro Skater & Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 2 in one epic collection, rebuilt from the ground up in incredible HD. All the pro skaters, levels and tricks are back and fully-remastered, plus more.",89,8.8																		
New Super Mario Bros., DS,"May 15, 2006","The first new 2D Mario platformer since Super Mario World has arrived. Boasting ""incredible"" 3D graphics to accompany classic 2D gameplay, this fast-paced adventure will have Mario fans cheering as they make their way over fields, under water, through castles and into the air. New and familiar enemies are everywhere, not to mention ""mind-blowing"" challenges made possible by the dual screens of the Nintendo DS. Not only that, but players can link wirelessly with a friend to play as both Mario and Luigi in multiplayer mode. [Nintendo]",89,8.5																		
Silent Hill 2, PlayStation 2,"September 24, 2001","Players assume the role of James, who receives a cryptic letter from his wife (who has been dead for 3 years) beckoning him to meet her in Silent Hill, a place that holds great meaning for the couple. The mystery of the letter compels him to return to the surreal horror and all-too-real danger in Silent Hill.",89,9.2																		
Battlefield 1, PlayStation 4,"October 18, 2016","Intuitive destruction and dynamic weather ensure that no battle is ever the same. For even more gameplay possibilities, carve a path through walls and buildings, take down your enemies in creative ways, and leave your mark on the terrain around you through intuitive destruction. Through your actions, the pristine world around you change into a battle-scarred landscape, changing the world forever. With dynamic weather you will need to adapt your tactics to weather changes as the elements play a part in the battle. Playing the same map on a bright day, in heavy fog, or rain will impact what you see and hear, forcing you to adapt your play style on an ever-changing battlefield. Operations introduces a new way to play multiplayer. In Battlefield 1 you play a series of interconnected battles across multiple fronts. Play a sequence of battles where your actions have consequences beyond a single match, as you try to conquer territory or push back your attackers. At those times when you feel all is lost, call in the Behemoths - the largest fully player-controlled vehicles ever seen in Battlefield. Roam the battlefield and rain fire on your enemy to break their defenses. All-out war never felt so epic. Take control of the Armored Train, Air Ship, or the Battleship to dominate the battlefield across land, air, and sea. [Electronic Arts]",89,7.9																		
Metal Gear Solid: Peace Walker, PSP,"June 8, 2010","METAL GEAR SOLID: PEACE WALKER takes the series in an exciting new direction with incredible visuals, as it sheds new light on well-known adversaries and allies, along with a wealth of new characters. In true METAL GEAR SOLID tradition, METAL GEAR SOLID: PEACE WALKER drops the player into a series of hostile scenarios, as a terrible plan for world domination is revealed. In addition to solo operations, players can team up via the game's multi-player CO-OPS (CO-operative OPerationS) mode. This extends to key gameplay advances, with players administering medical help to colleagues, sharing munitions, or providing cover for each other using the Snake formation to cover each other's blind spots. [Konami]",89,8.7																		
Virtua Fighter 5 Online, Xbox 360,"October 30, 2007","Virtua Fighter 5 features an all-star cast of 17 fighters, including characters from the previous iterations along with two new characters named El Blaze and Eileen. El Blaze is a Mexican fighting champion who defeats opponents with his quick Lucha Libre fighting style. Eileen, originally from China, uses a Monkey Kung-Fu fighting style that she learned from her grandfather, a former Kung-Fu master. Players are able to customize their characters by selecting from four uniquely patterned costumes and a wide range of attachable items that can be placed onto each fighter’s various body parts. Virtua Fighter 5 delivers fast-paced, adrenaline-pumping action as players head into battle, taking on a host of popular characters. Players not only achieve victory by defeating highly-skilled opponents, but also by competing for prizes which earn them in-game money allowing them to buy many items at in-game shop. These items allow players to customize their ultimate warrior and become the top Virtua Fighter. In addition, the game introduces ""Offensive Move"", a new maneuver that allows players to easily approach opponents from the side, adding a more strategic element to the battle. [Sega]",89,7.8																		
WarioWare, Inc.: Mega Microgame$!, Game Boy Advance,"May 21, 2003",Frantic action! Prepare for lightning-quick game play as you blaze through over 200 bizarre microgames designed by a crazy crew of Wario's cronies! There are even two-player contests that can be played on a single Game Boy Advance! Pick up and play! Ultra-simple controls make each game easy to get into...until the games start coming faster... and faster...and FASTER!,89,8.8																		
The Orange Box, PlayStation 3,"December 11, 2007","Games included in The Orange Box compilation: The original Half-Life 2 - The player again picks up the crowbar of research scientist Gordon Freeman, who finds himself on an alien-infested Earth being picked to the bone, its resources depleted, its populace dwindling. Freeman is thrust into the unenviable role of rescuing the world from the wrong he unleashed back at Black Mesa. And a lot of people - people he cares about - are counting on him. Half-Life 2: Episode One - The player reprises his role of Dr. Freeman, who must immediately face the repercussions of his actions in City 17 and the Citadel. Freeman reconnects with Alyx Vance and her robot, Dog, as they continue their support of the resistance's battle against the Combine forces. Half-Life 2: Episode Two -- the second installment in Valve's episodic trilogy advances the award-winning story, leading the player to new locations outside of City 17. Portal - a pioneering type of single player action game that rewrites the rules for how players approach and manipulate their environment – much like how Half-Life 2's Gravity Gun reinvented the way gamers interact with objects in the game. Team Fortress 2 - an all-new version of the legendary title that spawned team based multiplayer action games. The game's daring new art style features the most advanced graphics of any Source-based game released to date. [Valve Software]",89,8.3																		
NBA 2K2, PlayStation 2,"January 12, 2002","New features include a revamped low post game (exploit the defender with lightning quick drop step moves, back him down for a rim-rattling dunk, or shoot a sweet fadeaway jumper), new playbooks, and new street courts including Oakland's legendary Mosswood Park, Philly's Hank Gathers Rec Center, and Houston's Ronde Rec Center. [Sega]",89,8.0																		
Grandia, PlayStation,"September 30, 1999","Join Justin and friends on an epic journey through a captivating story line, providing over 80 hours of intensive gameplay. With vast polygonal worlds to explore and extensive character interaction, Grandia features innovative gameplay with a unique magic combination and character development system and a choice of two battle modes	 classic turn-based or automatic.",89,7.7																	
Colors! 3D, 3DS,"April 5, 2012",Colors! 3D is a simple yet robust painting application that combines ease of use and powerful painting tools.,89,7.5																		
Destiny: The Taken King, Xbox One,"September 15, 2015","To battle the Darkness and the Taken army, players get brand new subclasses with new supers. Warlocks now harness the power of an electric storm, Hunters carve a bow formed from gravitational void energy, and Titans summon a flaming hammer that can sear their adversaries from a range or deliver a devastating melee impact.",89,5.3																		
NBA 2K11, Xbox 360,"October 5, 2010","It's the #1 selling and rated NBA series that everyone is playing - from the most elite NBA athletes and superstars to the local court gym rats. NBA 2K10 delivered on its promise to TAKE OVER, and NBA 2K11 will build on that momentum by dialing up all of its features - gameplay, AI, presentation, visuals, audio, online and more - to deliver what's expected to be the best basketball video game experience EVER.",89,8.3																		
Disco Elysium: The Final Cut, PlayStation 5,"March 30, 2021","Disco Elysium is about a detective who wakes up in a rundown coastal district with a banging headache and only a few dregs of memory left. You set out to discover what happened to him inside the unique world we have created. We’ve thrown together disco music, early motor carriages, and post-revolutionary angst for our setting, and brought it all to life with actual oil paintings.",89,7.4																		
Horizon Zero Dawn, PlayStation 4,"February 28, 2017","Horizon Zero Dawn is a PS4-exclusive action role playing game developed by Guerrilla Games, creators of the Killzone franchise. As Horizon Zero Dawn’s main protagonist Aloy, a skilled hunter, explore a vibrant and lush world inhabited by mysterious mechanized creatures. Embark on an emotional journey to unravel mysteries of tribal societies, ancient artifacts and advanced technologies that will determine the fate of this planet, and of life itself.",89,8.4																		
NBA 2K11, PlayStation 3,"October 5, 2010","It's the #1 selling and rated NBA series that everyone is playing - from the most elite NBA athletes and superstars to the local court gym rats. NBA 2K10 delivered on its promise to TAKE OVER, and NBA 2K11 will build on that momentum by dialing up all of its features - gameplay, AI, presentation, visuals, audio, online and more - to deliver what's expected to be the best basketball video game experience EVER.",89,8.0																		
Injustice 2, Xbox One,"May 16, 2017","Every battle defines you. Power up and build the ultimate version of your favorite DC legends in INJUSTICE 2. With a massive selection of DC Super Heroes and Super-Villains, INJUSTICE 2 allows you to equip every iconic character with unique and powerful gear earned throughout the game. Experience an unprecedented level of control over how your favorite characters look, how they fight, and how they develop across a huge variety of game modes. This is your super Hero. Your Journey. Your Injustice.",89,8.1																		
Minecraft: PlayStation 4 Edition, PlayStation 4,"September 3, 2014","The game involves players creating and destroying various types of blocks in a three dimensional environment. The player takes an avatar that can destroy or create blocks, forming fantastic structures, creations and artwork across the various multiplayer servers in multiple game modes.",89,6.8																		
Dark Souls, PlayStation 3,"October 4, 2011","Project Dark (Working Title) is a brand new dark fantasy RPG designed to completely embrace the concepts of tension in dungeon exploration, fear in encountering enemies, the joy of new discoveries, and a high sense of achievement in progressing. The game is set in a dark fantasy world filled with decadent atmosphere, with a heavy emphasis on player freedom in discovering various tactics and strategies to use in weapon based combat.",89,8.9																		
Stardew Valley, PC,"February 26, 2016","Stardew Valley is an RPG-style farming game. It's up to you to choose your path... Will you devote your time to raising crops and caring for animals? Will you spend time in the local village, befriending the local townspeople? Do you get a kick out of slaying dreadful monsters in the mysterious mountain caverns? Or will you try to accomplish everything and claim the coveted title of Stardew Hero?",89,8.8																		
Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time, PC,"December 2, 2003","Amidst the sands of ancient Persia, a young Prince unleashes a deadly evil. Embark on a harrowing quest to restore peace and the fabric of Time. Embody a legendary hero with gravity-defying acrobatics, ferocious fighting combos, and the ability to bend time to fulfill his bidding. Wield the power of the Sands of Time - a mythical force allowing the Prince to erase the past, behold the future, and freeze the present. You'll uncover the mysteries of a world never before explored in action-adventure gaming. Ancient Persia, mythical and deadly, holds a staggering array of landscapes and kingdoms to explore and conquer. [Ubi Soft]",89,8.5																		
Devil May Cry 5: Special Edition, PlayStation 5,"November 12, 2020","Devil May Cry is back. The legendary stylish action game is better than ever in the ultimate version of this multi-award winning hit. New features: - New playable character - Dante's brother and arch-rival, Vergil - Legendary Dark Knight mode - an extremely challenging horde mode featuring huge numbers of enemies - Turbo mode - make the game even more intense by playing at 1.2x speed - Ray-tracing support - this next-generation graphics technology brings the already near-photorealistic world of DMC5 to a new level of unparalleled visual splendour - High Frame-Rate mode - experience super-smooth action These new features and modes utilise the power of PlayStation®5 to bring you the craziest, sexiest, most stylish Devil May Cry experience ever.",89,8.2																		
What Remains of Edith Finch, PC,"April 24, 2017",What Remains of Edith Finch is a collection of short stories about a cursed family in Washington State.,89,8.4																		
Top Spin, Xbox,"October 28, 2003","Top Spin is the complete tennis experience. Define your tennis playing style, take risks, pull off world-class shots, and work the crowd to develop a unique image on the court. You can also train with a coach, to master shots and playing surfaces and work your way up the online rankings to become the best in the world. Top Spin offers singles or doubles matches with 16 of the world's top professionals, including cover athletes Anna Kournikova and the world's number-one player, Lleyton Hewitt.",89,8.0																		
ESPN NBA Basketball, PlayStation 2,"October 21, 2003","ESPN Presentation - Step up and join the most anticipated presentation known to date! With detailed visuals, picture-in-picture introductions, a variety of eye-catching callouts and new studio and color commentary -- why settle for anything less! The next step in realism, accurate player models bring extremely natural looking players to life while all-new game lighting raises the standard for detail with realistic self-shadowing, creating a more dynamic look and feel for every NBA player! Total Game Control - Incredible dribble moves, stellar passing control, split second defensive reactions -- all at your fingertips as you control every aspect of your NBA game on both sides of the court! Intuitive Showtime Pass Mechanics - Your game, your show! Conquer every defense with a variety of jaw dropping no-look and behind-the-back passes, setting up monstrous finishes around the rim! Smart Camera Intelligence - Innovative, new picture angles based on ESPN's broadcast cameras will tightly follow all of the NBA action, offering the perfect viewing perspective of every play.",89,8.4																		
Tiger Woods PGA Tour 2004, Xbox,"September 22, 2003","While professional golfer Tiger Woods has no equal on the PGA Tour, you now have the chance to build a golfer that's even better. Take your custom golfer through the trials and tribulations of all the courses in Tiger Woods PGA Tour 2004, earning cash to spend on new digs and advanced equipment. Use the analog stick to shape any shot type such as the flop or punch. Go head-to-head against the computer, a friend, or an online player with PS2's network adapter. With all the top competition on some of the most famous fairways and greens ever, this is the one of the most complete golf experiences yet.",89,7.2																		
Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell, GameCube,"April 10, 2003","Infiltrate terrorists' positions, acquire critical intelligence by any means necessary, execute with extreme prejudice, and exit without a trace. In Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell, you are Sam Fisher, a highly trained secret operative of the NSA's secret arm: Third Echelon. Suit up with the latest classified field operative gear and weapons as you travel through diverse mission objectives. The world's future is in your hands, as cyber terrorism and international tensions are about to explode into WWIII.",89,8.1																		
NHL 2K3, GameCube,"December 11, 2002","Now that the series has moved on to all platforms, no one will have an excuse not to play what has become the best hockey game series on the market.",89,6.8																		
NBA Street, PlayStation 2,"June 18, 2001","With an ""SSX""-like trick system and the rejuvenation of the blocked shot, it seems that EA's reinvention of ""NBA Jam""-style hoops should do for basketball what the Tony Hawk series did for skateboarding.",89,8.5																		
Railroad Tycoon II, PC,"November 2, 1998","Ride the Iron Horse. It can take you from New York to South Africa. It can take you from the year 1804 to the year 2000. It can take you from penniless manual laborer to powerful multi-millionaire. It can take you from a normal, well-adjusted, well-rounded person to an obsessed, singled-minded, one-tracked trainhead. This is a real railroad game, not just a strategy game that happens to involve railroads. If you want to hop on a plane, car or ship, hop on another game. This game is about trains for people who love trains. Everything about the game is centered around an authentic look and feeling of the railways. Period video and pictures are interlaced with the game. The design and interface are true to the character of the fabled late 1800's railroads. A.I. opponents are based on real people. And all maps are real (based on satellite photography from US Geological Service and other sources). [Gathering of Developers]",89,8.5																		
Burnout Paradise, Xbox 360,"January 22, 2008","Burnout Paradise proves that crashing is awesome! Next generation technology has enabled an unprecedented level of crash deformation allowing you to experience the most explosive pile-ups in the series’ history. Now the development team can realize their original vision for the Burnout franchise: an open world environment where you can do anything, anywhere, anytime. Feel the adrenaline course through your veins as you take to the road for the first time in Paradise City, where the action is all around you. Explore the city, discover events, and look for the best opportunities to crash, jump and pull signature takedowns. In Burnout Paradise you're given the keys to the city, but it's up to you to earn the keys to the meanest and most dangerous cars on the street, and earn your Burnout license. [Electronic Arts]",88,7.0																		
Asgard's Wrath, PC,"October 10, 2019",Unleash the wrath of the Gods in a mythical Norse adventure that can only unfold in VR. Forge your destiny as both a mortal hero and living god in an action role playing game of unworldly depth.,88,8.2																		
Wipeout Pure, PSP,"March 16, 2005","The latest and the greatest in the seminal WipEout series, ""Pure"" distils the essence of anti-gravity racing and futuristic adrenaline-fuelled combat. Hi-tech weapons, hi-octane speed and a high-tempo dance soundtrack combine to deliver an explosive taste of the future directly into your hands. Features all-new environments and race craft plus a pumping soundtrack specially created for the game by a range of top artists. Post launch downloads give you access to extra circuits, new craft, personalized skins and additional music. Go head-to-head full-screen in 8-player tournaments via WiFi. [SCEA]",88,8.0																		
The Beatles: Rock Band, PlayStation 3,"September 9, 2009","The game represents the first time fans will be able to experience The Beatles’ musical career for themselves. From the early touring days in 1963 Liverpool to the immortal, final performance on the Apple Corps rooftop, fans can follow in the band’s footsteps as they traverse the globe during the height of Beatlemania. Adding to the experience is the introduction of three-part vocal harmonies to game play, allowing gamers to revel in the unparalleled vocal stylings of the Fab Four. Beatles fans will also be thrilled to hear previously unreleased authentic voice recordings from John, Paul, George and Ringo chatting between takes during studio sessions recorded at Abbey Road more than four decades ago. The game begins during the band's earliest days at The Cavern Club in Liverpool, England. Gamers then travel across the Atlantic to experience the band's unforgettable 1964 performance on The Ed Sullivan Show, the sold-out concert at New York’s Shea Stadium in 1965, and conclude at The Beatles’ memorable concert at Budokan in Tokyo, Japan in 1966. The Beatles' studio years come to life in legendary Studio 2 at Abbey Road Studios. Highlighting the studio years are inspired artistic visual expressions known as Dreamscapes, intended to transport players to imaginative environments that capture the essence of The Beatles’ genre-busting musical and fashion transformations during their later years. The game follows The Beatles to 1969 where story mode culminates with their final performance on the rooftop of the Apple Corps Headquarters. The Beatles: Rock Band offers a new set of hardware representing the instruments made famous by John, Paul, George and Ringo. Featured in the set are the Rickenbacker 325 and Gretsch Duo Jet guitars - hailed as two of the celebrated, signature instruments played by John Lennon and George Harrison throughout their careers. Also included is a Höfner bass controller - a large-scale version of the bass famously used by Sir Paul McCartney. Rounding out the set is a Ringo Starr inspired, Ludwig-branded Rock Band 2 drum set with a classic pearl finish and vintage remake of a Beatles kick drum head. [MTV Games]",88,8.2																		
A Short Hike, Switch,"August 18, 2020","Follow the marked trails or explore the backcountry as you make your way to the summit. Along the way, meet other hikers, discover hidden treasures, and take in the world around you. Explore the island any way you like. Choose your own path to follow and see where it leads you. You never know what you might stumble into! Hike at your own pace - there's no need to rush to the summit! Take your time fishing along the river banks or swimming by the lakeshore. Collect hidden treasures to reach new heights. Try taking a dive off the mountain peaks to soar above the forests. Chat with the other hikers you meet along your route. You might be able to help each other out! Listen to a lush original soundtrack by Mark Sparling that progresses dynamically as you explore the wilderness.",88,8.7																		
XCOM 2: War of the Chosen, PC,"August 29, 2017","XCOM 2: War of the Chosen adds extensive new content in the fight against ADVENT when additional resistance factions form in order to eliminate the alien threat on Earth. In response, a new enemy, known as the “Chosen,” emerges with one goal: recapture the Commander. This expansion includes new Hero classes to counter the “Chosen”, new enemies, missions, environments and increased depth in strategic gameplay.",88,7.9																		
Fez, Switch,"April 14, 2021",Gomez is a 2D man on a voyage of discovery into the mysterious 3rd dimension. Change your perspective and look at the world in a different way.,88,6.9																		
Fallout 4, Xbox One,"November 10, 2015","As the sole survivor of Vault 111, you enter a world destroyed by nuclear war. Every second is a fight for survival, and every choice is yours. Only you can rebuild and determine the fate of the Wasteland. Welcome home.",88,6.5																		
DUSK, PC,"December 10, 2018","Battle through an onslaught of mystical backwater cultists, possessed militants & even darker forces as you attempt to discover just what lurks beneath the Earth in this retro FPS inspired by the '90s legends.",88,8.3																		
Tiger Woods PGA Tour 2005, PlayStation 2,"September 20, 2004","TigerProofing is a revolutionary course-altering system that allows players to modify course dynamics and create the most intensely competitive course imaginable. Alter tee-box length, width and patterns on fairways and greens, the depth of a greenside bunker, and even the color of the leaves on the trees, course moisture and the season which you play. Take on the legends of golf including Arnold Palmer, Jack Nicklaus, and Ben Hogan and become a legend yourself! EA SPORTS GameFace II: The industry-leading GameFace technology just got a whole lot deeper with more control and freedom to express your creative vision from a youthful prodigy to a grizzled old veteran. Eight new licensed courses and two new fantasy courses have been added for a total of 14 courses. New licensed courses for console only include Coeur d?Alene and Colonial Country Club. New licensed courses for both console and PC include, Sherwood Country Club, Fancourt Golf Club Estate and Troon North ? Monument Course. Compete as or against 15 different PGA TOUR players including Tiger Woods, John Daly, Vijay Singh, Charles Howell III, Notah Begay III, and Jesper Parnevik, among others. Total Precision Swing: New putting and chipping systems allow for more control on the green or when you leave an approach shot short. In PGA TOUR Season Mode, play along with the 52-week PGA TOUR calendar of events for up to 10 seasons. Obtain sponsorships from real golf equipment manufacturers throughout your career and drive to surpass Tiger as number one on the overall money list. [EA Sports]",88,8.2																		
Microsoft Flight Simulator 2004: A Century of Flight, PC,"July 29, 2003","Experience history at the controls of historic aircraft, such as Charles Lindbergh's Ryan NYP Spirit of St. Louis, the Douglas DC-3 and the world's first successful powered aircraft, the Wright Flyer. New engaging features such as interactive multimedia provide a wealth of historical information on the planes that shaped aviation history and the pilots who flew them. Informed and insightful articles explain all there is to know about Microsoft's Flight Simulator and the 24 aircraft included in the software. A Century of Flight also introduces an updated, dynamic weather system, enhanced automatically generated scenery (AutoGen) and detailed visual effects, improved Air Traffic Control functions, and 3D interactive cockpits, as well as 15 modern aircraft, including the Beechcraft Baron and the Robinson R22 helicopter. [Microsoft]",88,7.8																		
NBA Street Vol. 2, GameCube,"April 28, 2003","Basketball returns to the streets in NBA Street Vol. 2, featuring more players, electrifying moves, and online multiplayer battles. Defeat the best players in the game today and even bring legends such as Dr. J, Magic, Bird, Wilt, and Moses out of retirement for some on-court brawling. NBA Street Vol. 2 features all-new spectacular dunks, dribbles, and passes that'll take show-stopping Gamebreakers to the next level. You can take your game against computer opponents or friends, or play with up to three other players online. Are you good enough to rule the streets?",88,8.2																		
Medieval: Total War, PC,"August 19, 2002","It opens with the preaching of the first Crusade in 1095. It ends with the fall of Constantinople in 1453. What happens in between is up to you. Guide your kingdom's fortunes through a period of brutal conflict and violent social upheaval. Lay siege to mighty fortresses as you command vast armies across the battlefields of Europe and North Africa. But be careful when forming alliances - and even more so when choosing enemies. For this is Total War: a world where empires fall even faster than they rise, and the penalty for fear is your life. [Activision]",88,8.6																		
Shenmue II, Dreamcast,"November 23, 2001","It is the sequel to Shenmue, and was directed by Yu Suzuki of Sega AM2.",88,9.1																		
NHL 2001, PlayStation,"September 26, 2000","While it's not the most beautiful hockey video game, NHL 2001 comes through where it counts - the gameplay.",88,7.3																		
Excitebike 64, Nintendo 64,"April 30, 2000","Experience extreme MX! You grind your way through the hairpin turn, a wall of mud exploding in your wake. Your next jump launches you into the air - you pull off a spectacular double no-footed can-can and become an instant legend! In Excitebike 64, you'll find all the high-flying action, heart-stopping stunts and bone-jarring crashes of the extreme sport of motocross. It'll set the daredevil inside you free. 20 stadium tracks and awesome outdoor courses - plus six different riders with six unique styles!",88,8.1																		
R4: Ridge Racer Type 4, PlayStation,"May 1, 1999","""R4 has to be the best-looking PlayStation racer ever (yes, edging out even Gran Turismo)"" - Official PlayStation Magazine, December 1998",88,8.7																		
Shadow Complex, Xbox 360,"August 19, 2009","[Xbox Live Arcade] From blockbuster developers Epic Games and Chair Entertainment comes the next evolution in Xbox LIVE Arcade games. Powered by the industry-leading Unreal Engine 3, Shadow Complex is the height of old-school side-scrolling design combined with modern, cutting-edge gameplay. In Shadow Complex, gameplay is centered on exploration and fast-paced combat as you gather game-altering power-ups and an arsenal of futuristic weapons to overcome obstacles, thwart legions of enemies, and delve into a mysterious open game world. The original single-player adventure is set in a compelling universe based upon the best-selling novel, Empire, by Orson Scott Card. This completely original game features full 3-D side-scrolling action. The incredible next-gen graphics and robust physics combine with an open, evolving world design mixed with an awesome, compelling action-thriller story. Seek out 17 unique game altering power-ups, with more than 100 additional items and modifiers to discover and use. Fight against a large variety of enemies and experience massive, jaw-dropping boss battles. Pick up and play: The super-tight controls are simple and intuitive but also allow advanced players additional depth and precision. Noted scriptwriter: Shadow Complex features a script written by Peter David, one of the most popular comic book writers of all time. It's the first game to be set in Chair's Empire universe and based upon the best-selling novel by Orson Scott Card. [Chair Entertainment]",88,8.7																		
Spelunky, PlayStation Vita,"August 27, 2013","Spelunky is a unique platformer with randomized levels that offer a new and challenging experience each time you play! Journey deep underground and explore fantastic places filled with monsters, traps, and treasure. Fully-destructible environments open up lots of strategies and make it a blast to master the game's many secrets.",88,8.0																		
NBA Street V3, GameCube,"February 8, 2005","The third installment of NBA Street advances the series by adding more customization, different game modes, and new gameplay features. Now you can build both your reputation and show-stopping Gamebreakers on the streets by performing all-new flashy dunks, dribble tricks, and combos. Step into the shoes of NBA legends, current basketball stars, and original characters from previous games. Play in familiar courts, such as The Cage and Rucker Park, or create your own court from the ground up. NBA Street V3 also features a new dunk contest and online multiplayer modes.",88,7.9																		
Mafia, PC,"August 27, 2002","Mafia brings the 1930's underworld to life in this 3rd person 3D action game. Rise from the lowly but well-dressed footsoldier to the envied and feared Made Man in an era of big bands, zoot suits and Model T's. Take on the role of a hitman, enforcer, getaway driver and more in your struggle for respect, money and power within the Salieri Family. [Take 2]",88,9.2																		
N++, Xbox One,"October 4, 2017","N++ is a fast-paced, action-packed puzzle platformer set in the distant future. You play as a ninja, darting through obstacles, narrowly evading a slew of inadvertently homicidal enemy robots and collecting delicious gold in a minimalist, sci-fi world. N++ is all about smooth physics, deftly controlling the speed and inertia of the ninja,and the awesome feeling of fluidly moving through each level. It's bursting with hundreds of single player and multiplayer levels, each featuring a series of difficult challenges, diabolical traps and a distinct visual style to nimbly soar through. If that wasn't enough, the integrated level-editor allows you to make and share your levels with every other person on the planet. Get ready for the biggest test of your ninja skills yet!",88,5.5																		
Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3, Xbox 360,"November 8, 2011","Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3 is a direct sequel to the previous game in the series, Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 2, with a campaign storyline continuing the struggle of U.S. forces against an invasion by the Russian Federation following the framing of an undercover U.S. agent in a terrorist attack on Moscow. Together with classic Call of Duty multi-character control, Modern Warfare 3 contains deep multiplayer support, including two-player Co-op Survival mode. The game also contains all-new Kill Streak categories and customizable strike packages that offer more options for player combat styles and strategies.",88,3.5																		
What Remains of Edith Finch, PlayStation 4,"April 25, 2017","The game is a collection of short stories. Each of those stories focuses on the death of a different Finch family member and each is meant to look and feel different from the others, the way no two people in any family are alike. [Giant Sparrow]",88,8.3																		
Brothers in Arms: Road to Hill 30, Xbox,"March 1, 2005","Set during the famous airdrop before the invasion at Normandy, Brothers in Arms tells the story of Sgt. Matt Baker and his squad of 101st Airborne paratroopers, who were scattered over the French countryside. As Baker, you must use real military tactics to flank and kill your foes. During the game, you must choose between the success of your mission and the lives of your men. Brothers in Arms boasts authentic battlefields and equipment, multiplayer gameplay, and a cast of more than 20 distinct soldiers.",88,7.9																		
Sekiro: Shadows Die Twice, PC,"March 22, 2019","Your death won’t come easily. Enter the world of late 1500s Sengoku Japan	 a brutal, bloody period of constant life-and-death conflict. As tensions rise, a compelling new story unfolds amongst the chaos. Introducing Sekiro: Shadows Die Twice, a dark and twisted new gameplay experience developed by the renowned team at FromSoftware and published by Activision. Directed by Hidetaka Miyazaki, Sekiro: Shadows Die Twice is a third-person, action-adventure game with RPG elements. The single-player game puts players in the protagonist role of a hard-hearted warrior whose mission is to rescue his master, a young lord, and exact revenge on his arch nemesis. As “Sekiro,” or the “one-armed wolf,” players discover the many ways to strategically approach combat and engage enemies. [Activision]",88,8.3																	
Deus Ex: Human Revolution - Director's Cut, Wii U,"October 22, 2013","In Deus Ex: Human Revolution you play Adam Jensen, a security specialist, handpicked to oversee the defense of one of America's most experimental biotechnology firms. But when a black ops team breaks in and kills the scientists you were hired to protect, everything you thought you knew about your job changes. At a time when scientific advancements are routinely turning athletes, soldiers and spies into super-enhanced beings, someone is working very hard to ensure mankind's evolution follows a particular path. You need to discover why - because the decisions you take and the choices you make will be the only things that can determine mankind's future.",88,8.5																		
Madden NFL 06, PlayStation 2,"August 8, 2005","With enhancements to the passing game, defensive improvements, and expanded online options, Madden NFL 06 takes you onto the field and into the locker room like never before. The new ""QB Vision Control"" lets you scan the field, look off defenders, and make perfect throws withing your quarterbacks unique field of vision. ""QB Precision Placement"" allows you to put the ball exactly where you want it. Lead the receiver to an open area, throw it behind him so he can come back to it or throw a jump ball and let him go get it. [Electronic Arts]",88,8.0																		
Tetris Effect: Connected, Xbox Series X,"November 10, 2020","Tetris® Effect: Connected adds an all-new robust multiplayer expansion to the huge variety of addictive and innovative single-player modes that Tetris Effect is known for with all-new co-op and competitive online and local multiplayer modes. Tetris Effect is Tetris® like you've never seen it, or heard it, or felt it before—an incredibly addictive, unique, and breathtakingly gorgeous reinvention of one of the most popular puzzle games of all time, from the people who brought you the award-winning Rez Infinite and legendary puzzle game Lumines. Music, backgrounds, sounds, special effects—everything, down to the Tetris pieces themselves, pulse, dance, shimmer, and explode in perfect sync with how you're playing, making any of the game's 30+ stages and 10+ modes something you'll want to experience over and over again. A challenge for the mind and a feast for all the senses, Tetris Effect: Connected is the perfect excuse to play Tetris again... and again...and again, and again, and again and again and again and again and again and again and... Game leverages Smart Delivery allowing access to both the Xbox One title and the Xbox Series X|S title when available.",88,7.7																		
Dishonored, Xbox 360,"October 9, 2012","Dishonored is a tactile first-person action game that thrusts you into the role of a supernatural assassin driven by a thirst for revenge. With Dishonored’s flexible combat system, creatively eliminate your targets as you bring together the supernatural abilities, weapons and unusual gadgets at your disposal. Hunt down your enemies under the cover of darkness or viciously attack them head on with weapons drawn. The results of each mission are a result of the choices you make. Win or lose, you must choose. Ozzy.",88,7.9																		
LIMBO, PC,"August 2, 2011","LIMBO, a black and white puzzle-platforming adventure, puts players in the role of a young boy traveling through an eerie and treacherous world in an attempt to discover the fate of his sister.",88,8.1																		
Crusader Kings II: The Old Gods, PC,"May 28, 2013","Crusader Kings II: The Old Gods lets players step into the boots of a pagan chieftain, approaching the brutal backstabbing world of Crusader Kings through invasion, adventure, and holy war.",88,8.8																		
Assassin's Creed: Brotherhood, PC,"March 22, 2011","The critically acclaimed single-player experience of Assassin's Creed is back and better than ever as Ezio returns in an epic struggle against the powerful Templar Order. Now a legendary Master Assassin, he must journey into Italy's greatest city, Rome, center of power, greed and corruption to strike at the heart of the enemy. Defeating the corrupt tyrants entrenched there will require not only strength, but leadership, as Ezio commands an entire Brotherhood that will rally to his side. Only by working together can the Assassins defeat their mortal enemies.",88,8.3																		
Crash Team Racing, PlayStation,"September 30, 1999",It's a multi-player kart racing game starring your favorite bandicoot CRASH and a host of his friends...and foes! The stakes are high and the competition is fierce. Ready...Set...GO!!!,88,9.0																		
DJ Hero 2, Wii,"October 19, 2010",Activision's turntable-based rhythm game is coming back for an encore.,88,7.6																		
Pinball FX 2: Marvel Pinball - Avengers Chronicles, Xbox 360,"June 20, 2012","Marvel Pinball: Avengers Chronicles features a four-table collection with tables based on the Avengers movie and comic crossovers World War Hulk, Infinity Gauntlet, and Fear Itself.",88,7.8																		
Medal of Honor Frontline, PlayStation 2,"May 28, 2002","Head back behind enemy lines with Lt. Jimmy Patterson in Medal of Honor Frontline. In this installment of the smash-hit Medal of Honor series, Lt. Patterson returns and must infiltrate the German frontline to steal the HO-IX flying wing, an experimental Nazi weapon so powerful it could turn the tide of World War II. [Electronic Arts]",88,8.4																		
Superbike 2001, PC,"October 9, 2000","Superbike 2001 delivers authentic Superbike racing from Superpole qualifying to the championship rounds. With the all new Training mode, novice riders are smoothly brought up to speed, while real telemetry and enhanced race management options give sim racing fans even more authenticity. [EA Sports]",88,6.7																		
Ultimate Fighting Championship, Dreamcast,"August 29, 2000","The Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC) is the premier mixed martial arts event in the world. There are no flying chairs or unrealistic moves. Spectators expect and demand to see true-to-life combat. Now, the ultimate fighting event comes to the Dreamcast as the most realistic fighting game ever created.",88,7.5																		
Wolfenstein II: The New Colossus, Xbox One,"October 27, 2017","Wolfenstein II: The New Colossus is the highly anticipated sequel to the critically acclaimed, Wolfenstein: The New Order developed by the award-winning studio MachineGames. An exhilarating adventure brought to life by the industry-leading id Tech 6, Wolfenstein II sends players to Nazi-controlled America on a mission to recruit the boldest resistance leaders left. Fight the Nazis in iconic American locations, equip an arsenal of badass guns, and unleash new abilities to blast your way through legions of Nazi soldiers in this definitive first-person shooter. America, 1961. The Nazis maintain their stranglehold on the world. You are BJ Blazkowicz, aka Terror-Billy, member of the Resistance, scourge of the Nazi empire, and humanitys last hope for liberty. Only you have the guts, guns, and gumption to return stateside, kill every Nazi in sight, and spark the second American Revolution.",88,6.5																		
Mario Kart 8, Wii U,"May 30, 2014","Mario Kart 8 introduces new racing circuit designs and antigravity karts that will have players driving upside down. Players will also enjoy a variety of series-favorite features, including the return of 12-player online competitive play, hang-gliders, underwater racing and motorbikes.",88,8.8																		
Super Mario Maker, Wii U,"September 11, 2015","Play a countless number of intensely creative Super Mario levels from players around the globe. It’s easy enough to create your own levels with the Wii U GamePad controller that it may feel like you’re simply sketching out your ideas on paper, but you can now bring enemies and objects into a playable course in ways you could only consider before. Violate the conventions of traditional Super Mario gameplay by blending enemies, traps and items into unexpected twists, like Piranha Plant-shooting cannons, power-up-tossing Lakitus, or even Hammer Bros. riding on Bowser while bouncing on trampolines.",88,8.8																		
NHL 11, PlayStation 3,"September 7, 2010","Celebrating its 20th year, the franchise that captured 22 ‘Sports Game of the Year’ awards has raised the bar yet again with NHL® 11. Powered by an all-new Real-Time Physics Engine, NHL 11 lets you create highlight reel moments as you experience adrenaline-pumping NHL action with bigger hits, broken sticks, and faster dangles. Whether you’re beginning your career in the Canadian Hockey League, dominating rivals in the EA SPORTS Hockey League, or assembling Hockey’s Ultimate Team, any moment can be a ‘WOW’ moment with NHL 11.",88,7.2																		
Divinity: Original Sin Enhanced Edition, Xbox One,"October 27, 2015","Divinity Original Sin: Enhanced Edition is a much lauded Role-Playing-Game that blends deep customization and humor with dynamic turn based combat. Either in online co-op, split-screen co-op on your TV, or even alone, take advantage of a classless RPG system to create your heroes and conquer the evils of Rivellon! Embark upon a journey with up to three companions as you bend the very fabric of time, where what seems like the case of a simple murder unravels into hours of quests facing fiendish foes, magical polymorphs, and dastardly bosses. As a Source Hunter, master the elements and use the environment to your advantage in dynamic combats mixing weather and magic to explode, poison, electrify, freeze and burn your enemies!",88,7.7																		
Dead Space, PlayStation 3,"October 13, 2008","In the bold and often-bloody Dead Space gamers step into a third-person sci-fi survival horror experience that delivers psychological thrills and gruesome action. Set in the cold blackness of deep space, the atmosphere is soaked with a feeling of tension, dread and sheer terror. In Dead Space, players step into the role of engineer Isaac Clarke – an ordinary man on a seemingly routine mission to fix the communications systems aboard a deep space mining ship. It is not long before Isaac awakes to a living nightmare when he learns that the ship's crew has been ravaged by a vicious alien infestation. He must fight through the dead silence and darkness of deep space to stay alive. [Electronic Arts]",88,8.8																		
Tekken 5, PlayStation 2,"February 24, 2005","Classic Tekken fighters like Nina Williams, Marshall Law and Paul Phoenix match fists with 3 Iron Fist Tournament newcomers: Asuka Kazama, Raven and Feng Wei. Face off in lush, interactive environments. Hurl your opponent into destructible objects and walls to deal massive damage. Dig in to the most customizable Tekken game ever. Earn fight money and use your winnings to outfit your characters with shades, hats, alternate costumes, secret items and more. Battle your way through an intense, action-adventure side-story. Rebuilt from the ground up, Tekken 5's graphics engine delivers the most exquisite visuals yet to PS2 3D fighting fans. Stunning CG ending movies reward victorious combatants. [Namco]",88,8.6																		
F.E.A.R., PC,"October 17, 2005","F.E.A.R. (First Encounter Assault and Recon), is an intense first person close-quarters combat experience with rich atmosphere and an engaging storyline. The story begins as an unidentified paramilitary force infiltrates a multi-billion dollar aerospace compound. The government responds by sending in Special Forces, but loses contact as an eerie signal interrupts radio communications. When the interference subsides moments later, the team has been literally torn apart. As part of a classified strike team created to deal with threats no one else can handle, your mission is simple: Eliminate the intruders at any cost. Determine the origin of the signal. And contain this crisis before it spirals out of control. [Vivendi Universal]",88,8.3																		
Psychonauts, Xbox,"April 19, 2005","Psychonauts are operatives that possess psychic powers. When a crazy scientist begins abducting Psychonauts for their brains, it's up to you to put an end to it once and for all. Playing as new cadet Raz, you must develop your paranormal powers, which include telekinesis, fire-starting, clairvoyance, and telepathy. Enter the minds of other people to collect figments of their imaginations, to resolve their emotional problems, and to unlock their memory vaults. As you progress in your missions, you'll earn even more psychic powers that will help you solve a variety of puzzles.",88,8.8																		
The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth, PlayStation 4,"November 4, 2014","Rebirth is a randomly generated action RPG shooter with emphatic Roguelike elements. Following Isaac on his journey gamers discover bizarre treasures that change Isaac’s form giving him extra-human abilities and enabling him to fend off droves of mysterious creatures, learn secrets and scrap his way to safety.",88,7.8																		
It Takes Two, PlayStation 5,"March 26, 2021","From Hazelight comes It Takes Two an innovative co-op adventure where uniquely varied gameplay and emotional storytelling intertwine in a fantastical journey. Founded to push the creative boundaries of what's possible in games, Hazelight is the award-winning studio behind the critically acclaimed A Way Out and Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons. Something out of the ordinary Bring your favorite co-op partner and together step into the shoes of May and Cody. As the couple is going through a divorce, through unknown means their minds are transported into two dolls which their daughter, Rose, made to represent them. Now they must reluctantly find a way to get back into their bodies, a quest which takes them through the most wild, unexpected and fantastical journey imaginable.",88,9.2																		
Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 1 + 2, PC,"September 4, 2020","Drop back in with the most iconic skateboarding games ever made. Play Tony Hawk's Pro Skater & Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 2 in one epic collection, rebuilt from the ground up in incredible HD. All the pro skaters, levels and tricks are back and fully-remastered, plus more.",88,7.0																		
FIFA 14, Xbox One,"November 19, 2013","Shooting has been transformed. Players now have the intelligence to adjust their stride and approach angle to find the best position for hitting the back of the net. Well-hit balls feel satisfying and goals are rewarding. As well as quality strikes, players can now shoot while off balance or rushed.",88,5.8																		
NHL 10, Xbox 360,"September 15, 2009","The NHL franchise that has won 19 sports game of the year awards over the past two years begins a new era with gameplay innovations that promise to deliver a new standard of toughness, the emotion of playoff hockey on the ice and in the arena, and over 200 gameplay refinements that replicate the skill and finesse that every fan sees throughout the NHL playoffs. A new first-person fighting engine enables players to trade punches with an NHL tough guy. Feel what its like to be on the ice in the skates of an NHL player to throw and dodge punches. Grab and tug an opponent's jersey to land a punch that ignites the fans and sparks your team to victory. Challenge a skill player and an opposing team tough guy will step in to settle the score. On ice toughness and intimidation is taken to a new level in NHL 10 where winning one-on-one battles for possession of the puck along the boards becomes a test of will and skill. Utilizing an all-new board physics engine, players can use their body to shield the puck on the boards and then kick-pass it to teammates. Bigger, stronger players pin opponents to the boards while fanatical fans bang on the glass, just like real life. Fore-check defenders, pressure the puck and finish checks to intimidate your opponent into mistakes. Players fatigue, bobble passes, and avoid collisions under threat of constant physical pressure. Inspire teammates, ignite the fans and change the momentum of a game by instigating scrums, drawing penalties, and mixing it up - all after the referee blows the whistle! [Electronic Arts]",88,8.3																		
BioShock 2, Xbox 360,"February 9, 2010","Set approximately 10 years after the events of the original BioShock, the halls of Rapture once again echo with sins of the past. Along the Atlantic coastline, a monster has been snatching little girls and bringing them back to the undersea city of Rapture. You are the very first Big Daddy as you travel through the decrepit and beautiful fallen city, chasing an unseen foe in search of answers and your own survival. Multiplayer in BioShock 2 provides a rich prequel experience that expands the BioShock gameplay. Set during the fall of Rapture, players assume the role of Plasmid test subject in the underwater city that was first explored in the original BioShock. Players will need to use all the elements of the game's toolset to survive as the full depth of the BioShock experience is refined and transformed into a unique multiplayer experience that can only be found in Rapture. [2K Games]",88,8.3																		
Kerbal Space Program, PC,"April 27, 2015","In Kerbal Space Program you have to build a space-worthy ship, capable of flying its crew out into space without killing any of them. At your disposal is a collection of parts, which must be assembled to create a functional craft. Each part has its own function and will affect the way a ship flies (or does not). So strap yourself in, and get ready to try some Rocket Science.",88,8.2																		
Tribes 2, PC,"March 28, 2001","The sequel to Sierra's multiplayer phenomenon ""Starsiege: Tribes,"" 1999's 360 degree, team-based first-person shooter, ""Tribes 2"" lets up to 64 gamers simultaneously battle online in 40th century outdoor environments.",88,8.3																		
Age of Empires II: The Conquerors Expansion, PC,"August 24, 2000","The official add-on to the best-selling, real-time strategy game ""Age Of Empires II: The Age Of Kings"" challenges veterans and novices to wage war on an epic scale with all-new civilizations, unique units and technologies, and campaigns based on infamous conquerors, such as Attila the Hun, El Cid, and Montezuma. [Microsoft]",88,9.1																		
Diddy Kong Racing, Nintendo 64,"November 24, 1997","Timber the Tiger's parents picked a fine time to go on vacation. When they come back, they're going to be faced with an island trashed by the spiteful space bully Wizpig - unless the local animals can do something about it! So join Diddy Kong as he teams up with Timber the Tiger, Pipsy the Mouse and Taj the Genie in an epic racing adventure unlike anything you've ever experienced before!",88,8.5																		
Star Fox 64, Nintendo 64,"July 1, 1997",The Lylat system has been invaded! Join Fox McCloud and his Star Fox team as they fight to save the galaxy from the clutches of the evil Andross. Travel to many different 3-D worlds. Battle the enemy in the air and on the ground and listen in as Fox McCloud interacts with a cast of characters.,88,8.8																		
NHL 09, Xbox 360,"September 9, 2008","NHL 09 builds on the momentum of last year, with innovative controls, added depth and new features designed to help newcomers jump into the series. The Skill Stick System evolves to bring an unparalleled level of control to the defensive side of the puck. The all new Defensive Skill Stick gives you the ability to sweep your stick to block passing lanes and lift an opponent's stick to prevent one-timers. Take your game online with 6 vs.6 team play, where 12 people can play together on 12 different consoles around the world. With new teams from the Russian, Czech Republic and German Elite leagues, NHL 09 connects hockey fans around the globe like never before. Players new to the series can now shoot, pass and check with ease. NHL 09 features Be A Pro, a game mode that puts you on the ice with a dynamic new 3rd person camera that allows you to play the role of one player. With a performance tracker grading your progress in more than 50 categories, you know exactly where you need to improve to become the next NHL superstar. [Electronic Arts]",88,8.3																		
Ori and the Blind Forest: Definitive Edition, Xbox One,"March 11, 2016","Ori and the Blind Forest: Definitive Edition delivers a multitude of new areas, difficulty options, and gameplay upgrades that should appeal to both new and seasoned Ori players.",88,8.1																		
Streets of Rage 4: Mr. X Nightmare, PC,"July 15, 2021","The fight continues in Wood Oak City. After the events of Streets of Rage 4, our heroes wanted to prepare themselves for future threats. Axel, Blaze and their mates will start a very special deranged training with the help of Dr. Zan, who built an AI program from the remnants of Mister X’s brain that simulates every kind of danger they could be facing. With this new DLC, get ready for: • 3 new playable characters • A new Survival mode with weekly challenges • Character customization: build your own fighting style with new moves • New weapons and enemies!",88,7.6																		
NieR: Automata, PlayStation 4,"March 7, 2017","NieR Producer Yosuke Saito, director Taro Yoko and composer Keiichi Okabe return, teaming up with character designer Akihiko Yoshida and PlatinumGames to present the next entry in the saga – NieR: Automata.",88,8.9																		
Meteos, DS,"June 28, 2005","""Rez"" creator Tetsuya Mizuguchi brings us Meteos - a curious blend of block-dropping puzzle action with other gameplay elements with the goal to launch all of one's blocks into orbit.",88,7.4																		
Zero Escape: Virtue's Last Reward, 3DS,"October 23, 2012","Zero Escape: Virtue's Last Reward has players taking on the Nonary Game again, as it's back and more deadly than ever.",88,8.7																		
Dishonored 2, Xbox One,"November 10, 2016","Dishonored 2 takes your protagonist, Corvo Attano or Emily Kaldwin, to the coastal city of Karnaca where the choices you make will have significant impact on the world.",88,7.7																		
NHL 09, PlayStation 3,"September 9, 2008","NHL 09 builds on the momentum of last year, with innovative controls, added depth and new features designed to help newcomers jump into the series. The Skill Stick System evolves to bring an unparalleled level of control to the defensive side of the puck. The all new Defensive Skill Stick gives you the ability to sweep your stick to block passing lanes and lift an opponent's stick to prevent one-timers. Take your game online with 6 vs.6 team play, where 12 people can play together on 12 different consoles around the world. With new teams from the Russian, Czech Republic and German Elite leagues, NHL 09 connects hockey fans around the globe like never before. Players new to the series can now shoot, pass and check with ease. NHL 09 features Be A Pro, a game mode that puts you on the ice with a dynamic new 3rd person camera that allows you to play the role of one player. With a performance tracker grading your progress in more than 50 categories, you know exactly where you need to improve to become the next NHL superstar. [Electronic Arts]",88,7.8																		
Rise of the Tomb Raider: 20 Year Celebration, PlayStation 4,"October 11, 2016","Lara Croft embarks on her first Tomb Raiding expedition to the most treacherous and remote regions of Siberia. Rise of the Tomb Raider: 20 Year Celebration also includes the new “Blood Ties” single player content, VR support, new Co-op play for Endurance mode, and more. [Playstation.com]",88,8.0																		
Hyper Light Drifter, Switch,"September 6, 2018","Echoes of a dark and violent past resonate throughout a savage land, steeped in treasure and blood. Hyper Light Drifter is an action adventure RPG in the vein of the best 16bit classics, with modernized mechanics and designs on a much grander scale. Drifters of this world are the collectors of forgotten knowledge, lost technologies and broken histories. Our Drifter is haunted by an insatiable illness, traveling further into the lands of Buried Time, hoping to discover a way to quiet the vicious disease.",88,7.7																		
NHL 10, PlayStation 3,"September 15, 2009","The NHL franchise that has won 19 sports game of the year awards over the past two years begins a new era with gameplay innovations that promise to deliver a new standard of toughness, the emotion of playoff hockey on the ice and in the arena, and over 200 gameplay refinements that replicate the skill and finesse that every fan sees throughout the NHL playoffs. A new first-person fighting engine enables players to trade punches with an NHL tough guy. Feel what its like to be on the ice in the skates of an NHL player to throw and dodge punches. Grab and tug an opponent's jersey to land a punch that ignites the fans and sparks your team to victory. Challenge a skill player and an opposing team tough guy will step in to settle the score. On ice toughness and intimidation is taken to a new level in NHL 10 where winning one-on-one battles for possession of the puck along the boards becomes a test of will and skill. Utilizing an all-new board physics engine, players can use their body to shield the puck on the boards and then kick-pass it to teammates. Bigger, stronger players pin opponents to the boards while fanatical fans bang on the glass, just like real life. Fore-check defenders, pressure the puck and finish checks to intimidate your opponent into mistakes. Players fatigue, bobble passes, and avoid collisions under threat of constant physical pressure. Inspire teammates, ignite the fans and change the momentum of a game by instigating scrums, drawing penalties, and mixing it up - all after the referee blows the whistle! [Electronic Arts]",88,8.1																		
Uncharted: Drake's Fortune, PlayStation 3,"November 16, 2007","A 400-year-old clue in the coffin of Sir Francis Drake sets a modern-day fortune hunter on an exploration for the fabled treasure of El Dorado, leading to the discovery of a forgotten island in the middle of the Pacific Ocean. The search turns deadly when Nathan Drake becomes stranded on the island and hunted by mercenaries. Outnumbered and outgunned, Drake and his companions must fight to survive as they begin to unravel the terrible secrets hidden on the Island. Using maps and ancient artifacts, uncover clues and unravel mysteries to find a forgotten island and a treasure that was thought to have never existed. Explore exotic locations. Traverse through living jungles and spectacular 400-year-old ruins. Drake's companions and allies play an important role in the adventure through cooperative mechanics, gun play and exploration. Experience fast-paced gunplay: use a variety of environmental elements for cover, shoot enemies off of moving vehicles in high speed chases and more. Use an array of hand-to-hand fighting moves to put your enemy off balance. Anything from wild haymaker punches to running drop-kicks. Naughty Dog's advanced animation techniques allow Nathan to switch seamlessly between movements and achieve a whole new level of believability in gameplay. Nathan can reload his weapon while dodging bullets and find cover behind a wall, all in one smooth natural motion. [SCEA]",88,7.9																		
Ori and the Will of the Wisps, PC,"March 11, 2020","The little spirit Ori is no stranger to peril, but when a fateful flight puts the owlet Ku in harm’s way, it will take more than bravery to bring a family back together, heal a broken land, and discover Ori’s true destiny. From the creators of the acclaimed action-platformer Ori and the Blind Forest comes the highly anticipated sequel. Embark on an all-new adventure in a vast world filled with new friends and foes that come to life in stunning, hand-painted artwork. Set to a fully orchestrated original score, Ori and the Will of the Wisps continues the Moon Studios tradition of tightly crafted platforming action and deeply emotional storytelling.",88,8.7																		
The Banner Saga 3, Xbox One,"July 26, 2018","The Banner Saga 3 is the epic conclusion to a sweeping viking saga six years in the making. This strategic RPG, acclaimed for its strong story and compelling characters has has won over 20 awards and been nominated for 4 BAFTA awards.",88,7.4																		
Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six Vegas, Xbox 360,"November 20, 2006","The stakes are high when the world's most elite counter-terrorism unit enters Las Vegas, where over 36.7 million men, women and children visit each year. ""Sin City,"" the home of the famous Las Vegas Strip, flashy hotels, high-rolling casinos and world-famous celebrities, becomes the setting for a terrorist threat of global proportions. What happens when one of the world's most famous cities is held hostage by terrorists? [Ubisoft]",88,8.2																		
Super Street Fighter II Turbo HD Remix, Xbox 360,"November 26, 2008","[Xbox Live Arcade] The original MMA series is back! Super Street Fighter II Turbo HD Remix receives a whole new look while improving on the innovative fighting system of the original game. Updated with 1080p HD redrawn art, widescreen support and remixed music, SSFHD Remix offers a unique experience appealing to new fans and Street Fighter purists alike. Play at home versus a friend or test your skills online. A new Remixed mode incorporates new techniques for your favorite characters, and the original Super Street Fighter II Turbo mode is built-in for those who want to revisit the game's old school gameplay. [Capcom]",88,7.6																		
Tiger Woods PGA Tour 2005, Xbox,"September 20, 2004","Challenge professional golfer Tiger Woods to challenging matches in Tiger Woods PGA Tour 2005. This time, you can modify course dynamics and add longer trees, tighter fairways, undulations to greens, deeper bunkers, and more. The game's EA Sports Game Face features nonproportional bone scaling and texture blending to provide more realistic looks. After creating your own golfer and making a name for yourself, unlock the chance to tee off against some of golf's greatest legends, including Arnold Palmer, Jack Nicklaus, and Ben Hogan.",88,7.4																		
Tiger Woods PGA Tour 2004, PC,"September 22, 2003","With the revolutionary new EA SPORTS Game Face, you can build yourself from scratch and take on the pros while improving your skills with each solid performance. Play as or against over a dozen top pros, including Tiger Woods, Vijay Singh, Justin Leonard, and new golfers like John Daly and Adam Scott. Five new courses have been added to all the old favorites like Pebble Beach Golf Links and St Andrews Golf Links. Graphical and gameplay enhancements mean more ball control and more realistic weather and terrain conditions. Expanded Career Mode lets you take your golfer through a World Tour to earn money and sponsorships. Go online for matches and tournaments, and climb the leaderboards. [EA Sports]",88,7.3																		
Warcraft III: The Frozen Throne, PC,"July 1, 2003","The Frozen Throne provides gamers with a vast new chapter in the epic Warcraft saga. In the single-player campaign, players revisit the war-torn world of Azeroth. Several months have passed since Archimonde and the Burning Legion were defeated at the battle of Mount Hyjal, yet a new threat has arisen throughout the land. One new Hero per race, each possessing powerful spells and magical abilities. A host of new units, each equipped with new abilities and spells, giving players the opportunity to create diverse strategic and tactical forms of combat. Player-built shops, unique for each race, equipped with items carefully designed to improve and aid the units of every race. Neutral Heroes, available for recruitment by all players, that can supplement and strengthen a player's army with all new spells and abilities. Expanded multiplayer options over Battle.net including multiple new game types, clan and tournament support. [Blizzard]",88,9.2																		
Tiger Woods PGA Tour 2003, Xbox,"October 27, 2002","From towering drives to picture-perfect putts, the essence of golf has been captured in Tiger Woods PGA Tour 2003. The game features plenty of challenging courses such as Pebble Beach Golf Links and Royal Birkdale. Plus, you can choose from a variety of professional golfers, each with their own strengths and weaknesses. Hit the course as Tiger Woods or put your skills up against his in a one-on-one showdown, but either way, be prepared to bring your best game.",88,6.9																		
Tactics Ogre: The Knight of Lodis, Game Boy Advance,"May 11, 2002","Under the watchful eye of the Holy Lodis Empire, strange things are happening on the island of Ovis. Powerful forces have been set in motion, but their motives are masked by political intrigue. It is your mission to investigate these occurrences and discover the true intentions of those involved. The ending of the game will depend on the actions that the main character, Alphonse, takes. You will make many revelations as you proceed, but you must survive the unrelenting battles and cultivate your characters' abilities to unveil the ultimate truth.",88,8.8																		
Starcraft, PC,"March 31, 1998","In the distant future a small group of human exiles have been doomed to fight for survival on the edge of the galaxy. Through military strength, espionage and deceit, a unified Terran government has maintained an uneasy peace. As resources run short, however, these Confederate nations find themselves looking towards the rich worlds of their alien neighbors, the enigmatic Protoss. To further complicate matters, it seems that a previously unknown and deadly species known only as the Zerg has entered Protoss space and is destroying everything in its path. The time for war has come... As the military leader for your species, you must gather the resources you need to train and expand your forces and lead them to victory. 30 unique missions will challenge you across three different campaigns as you control the fate of the galaxy.",88,9.1																		
Assassin's Creed IV: Black Flag, PlayStation 3,"October 29, 2013","The year is 1715. Pirates rule the waters of the Caribbean and have established a lawless Republic. Among these outlaws is a lethal young captain named Edward Kenway. His notorious exploits earn the respect of legends like Blackbeard, but draw him into an ancient war that may destroy everything the pirates have built for themselves.",88,8.2																		
Battlefield: Bad Company 2, PlayStation 3,"March 2, 2010","In this installment, the Bad Company crew again find themselves in the heart of the action, where they must use every weapon and vehicle at their disposal to survive. In Battlefield: Bad Company 2, the 'B' company fight their way through snowy mountaintops, dense jungles and dusty villages. With a heavy arsenal of deadly weapons and a slew of vehicles to aid them, the crew set off on their mission and they are ready to blow up, shoot down, blast through, wipe out and utterly destroy anything that gets in their way. Total destruction is the name of the game, delivered as only the DICE next generation Frostbite engine can. [Electronic Arts]",88,8.5																		
The Last of Us: Left Behind, PlayStation 3,"February 14, 2014","Ellie returns as new light is shed on her relationship with Riley, her best friend from the military boarding school in which they both grew up. After inexplicably disappearing for weeks, Riley reappears in Ellie’s life with a surprising revelation. The two sneak out of their school for the last time, leading to a series of events that might forever change their lives.",88,4.7																		
Far Cry 3, PC,"December 4, 2012","With Far Cry 3, players step into the shoes of Jason Brody, a man alone at the edge of the world, stranded on a mysterious tropical island. In this savage paradise where lawlessness and violence are the only sure thing, players dictate how the story unfolds, from the battles they choose to fight to the allies or enemies they make along the way. As Jason Brody, players will slash, sneak, detonate and shoot their way across the island in a world that has lost all sense of right and wrong.",88,8.4																		
Tiger Woods PGA Tour 10, Wii,"June 8, 2009","Tiger Woods PGA Tour 10 takes golf fans inside-the-ropes to experience the drama and emotion of tournament golf. In addition, the U.S. Open, a USGA championship, and the USGA’s Rules of Golf is available in Tiger Woods PGA Tour 10 for the first time in franchise history. As you hear the roar of the crowd from the next hole over, can you handle the mounting pressure while you stand over your tournament-winning putt? Expanded crowds surround every hole	 adding to the tension and excitement of each shot. A first for the franchise, real-time weather is reflected on every course, ensuring the in-game experience matches that of the current weather conditions. Tiger Woods PGA Tour 10 also features a television broadcast style presentation, which include instantaneous updates and a new announcer team of ESPN’s Scott Van Pelt and the Golf Channel’s Kelly Tilghman. [Electronic Arts]",88,7.7																	
DOOM Eternal, Xbox One,"March 19, 2020","DOOM Eternal is the direct sequel to 2016's DOOM. Developed by id Software, DOOM Eternal delivers the ultimate combination of speed and power, along with the next leap in push-forward, first-person combat. As the DOOM Slayer, you’ll return to take your vengeance against the forces of Hell. Set to an all-new pulse-pounding soundtrack composed by Mick Gordon, you fight across dimensions as you slay new and classic demons with powerful new weapons and abilities. [Bethesda]",88,9.0																		
Star Wars Pinball: Balance of the Force, Xbox 360,"October 16, 2013","Feel the disturbance in the Force in Star Wars Pinball: Balance of the Force, featuring three brand new Star Wars pinball tables. The pack includes Star Wars: Episode VI Return of the Jedi, Starfighter Assault, and a table dedicated to Darth Vader.",88,6.1																		
World Soccer Winning Eleven 8 International, PC,"February 16, 2005","Winning Eleven 8 once again raises the bar with in-depth gameplay, improved realism and increased control. The game now features all the teams from the Italian, Spanish and Dutch leagues under the official license. Featuring 136 club teams and 57 national teams, Winning Eleven 8 offers gamers control of up to 4,500 of the world's greatest soccer players. The game introduces a wealth of new moves and tricks including new free kick and penalty kick techniques, an innovative indirect free kick move and a new dribbling system that offers more control as gamers go one-on-one and try to pass opposing players. Also featured is the first-ever on-screen referee in the history of the series. Boasting an enhanced ref AI, the referee will run up and down the field reacting realistically and instinctively to fouls, giving advantage for minor infringements and even stepping in to calm things down when the action gets heated. Winning Eleven 8 also features improvements to the popular Master League, which now has more strategy through player development and injury, and a new 'My Best Eleven' option so fans can save their greatest teams. [Konami]",88,7.3																		
Fight Night Round 2, Xbox,"February 28, 2005","The sequel to EA Sports' Fight Night 2004 maintains the original's analog control scheme and introduces a variety of new features. Now you have access to even more punches, including a new ""haymaker"" punch that is just powerful enough to knock down your opponent. Every hit counts in this game, as injuries reduce a fighter's ability to defend himself. Your cut man can tend to your injuries in between rounds to help you survive your opponent's devastating punches.",88,8.2																		
The Secret of Monkey Island: Special Edition, Xbox 360,"July 15, 2009","[Xbox Live Arcade] Pirates! Adventure! Monkeys! Relive the hilarious swashbuckling misadventures of the wannabe pirate Guybrush Threepwood as he attempts to become the most infamous pirate in the Caribbean! Back by popular demand, The Secret of Monkey Island: Special Edition faithfully re-imagines the internationally-acclaimed classic pirate adventure game from LucasArts in gorgeous HD detail. Featuring an all new re-imagined contemporary art style, hand-drawn and presented in 1080p, complete voice over by members of the original Monkey Island - franchise cast, a re-mastered musical score using live instruments, plus scene-for scene-hot swap to seamlessly transition between Special Edition and Classic modes at anytime. Embark on a bumbling misadventure in an attempt to become the most infamous pirate in the Caribbean, win the heart of the beautiful governor, Elaine Marley, and confront the evil ghost pirate, LeChuck! The game is all-new and re-imagined with a contemporary art style, hand-drawn and presented in 1080p. Complete voice over using original Monkey Island franchise cast members brings the story and characters to life like never before. Enjoy the re-mastered and re-recorded musical score using live instruments. Scene-for-scene hot swap lets you seamlessly transition between Special Edition and Classic modes at anytime during gameplay. The all-new intuitive game interface and controls provide a more interactive gameplay experience. Hint system: Not sure what to do next? The in-game puzzle hint system keeps the puzzles fresh and fun. [LucasArts]",88,8.4																		
Shovel Knight, Wii U,"June 26, 2014","Shovel Knight is a sweeping classic action adventure game with memorable characters and an 8-bit retro aesthetic created by Yacht Club Games. You play as the eponymous Shovel Knight, a small knight with a huge quest. Shovel Knight has come to this valley with two goals: to defeat the evil Enchantress and save his lost beloved. He wields a ShovelBlade	 a multipurpose weapon whose techniques have now been lost to the ages. Always honest and helpful, Shovel Knight is a shining example of the code of Shovelry: Slash Mercilessly and Dig Tirelessly. However, between Shovel Knight and his beloved stands a cadre of villainous knights. These terrible foes, known as The Order of No Quarter, have been dispatched to prevent Shovel Knight from reaching the Enchantress at any cost.",88,8.4																	
Rayman Origins, PlayStation Vita,"February 15, 2012","Michel Ancel, celebrated creator of Rayman, Beyond Good & Evil and the Raving Rabbids returns to his roots to bring us Rayman Origins: a high-definition, 2D side-scrolling, platforming adventure! Play Rayman Origins and discover or rediscover the magical universe and legendary 2D gameplay that captured the hearts of fans... When the Glade of Dreams is overrun by ""nefurrious"" Darktoons, the Fairy Council hastily invokes Rayman to save the day	 but the hero of light isn't quite all there...To help him, Rayman teams up with his best friend, Globox, and two crafty wizards, the Teensies. Together, the world's most hilarious team of heroes will need to restore peace to the Glade or watch as their beloved home vanishes like a bad dream... [Sony]",88,8.4																	
Project Gotham Racing 3, Xbox 360,"November 16, 2005","The original Kudos challenge: Powersliding, pulling off a 360, getting airtime, staying on the race line, drafting, and getting up on two wheels will earn gamers Kudos points for their style and skill. Take the wheel of more than 80 authentically modeled and licensed supercars from manufacturers such as Ferrari, Dodge, and Lamborghini with fully modeled interiors, functioning dashboards and individually recorded engine roars. Drive in New York, Tokyo, and many other cities, all brought to life with motion-captured crowds of people. Show off in front of a global audience. With GothamTV, gamers can watch any player in the world on live news feeds, get live ticker-tape information when friends break records, and compete with anyone, anywhere, anytime. [Microsoft]",88,7.9																		
NBA 2K17, PlayStation 4,"September 16, 2016",NBA 2K17 promises to take the game to new heights and continue to blur the lines between video game and reality.,88,6.2																		
Battlefield: Bad Company 2, Xbox 360,"March 2, 2010","In this installment, the Bad Company crew again find themselves in the heart of the action, where they must use every weapon and vehicle at their disposal to survive. In Battlefield: Bad Company 2, the 'B' company fight their way through snowy mountaintops, dense jungles and dusty villages. With a heavy arsenal of deadly weapons and a slew of vehicles to aid them, the crew set off on their mission and they are ready to blow up, shoot down, blast through, wipe out and utterly destroy anything that gets in their way. Total destruction is the name of the game, delivered as only the DICE next generation Frostbite engine can. [Electronic Arts]",88,8.6																		
The World Ends with You, DS,"April 22, 2008","The story begins as our hero, Neku, wakes up amidst the hustle and bustle of Shibuya, Tokyo. Confused and disoriented, he receives a message on his phone warning him that he will cease to exist unless he completes a certain mission. With his life seemingly on the line, Neku plunges into the back streets of the urban labyrinth... Experience the urban grit and neon of the coolest district in Tokyo with a distinctive, high quality style of in-game artwork. Meet an achingly hip cast of characters each with an interesting personality and stylish sense in fashion, music and culture. Highly innovative and intuitive combat system that makes full use of the Nintendo DS Touch Screen, Dual Screens and Microphone. Use psychic powers to read the thoughts of the population, put words into people's minds, and move objects to help you progress in your adventure. Immerse yourself in an amazing audio soundtrack featuring a diverse fusion of bleeding-edge hip-hop, rock, and techno. A tale of friendship, hope and overcoming your challenges, creatively told with a modern edge. Shop till you drop: Keep abreast of the latest Trends to stay one step ahead of the fashion scene and your enemies. Trade items with friends using Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection too. Action-packed minigame fun that can be enjoyed by up to four players via DS Wireless Play. Engage the Chance Encounter mode via DS Wireless Play to share data with fellow game users you bump into in the real world. [Square Enix]",88,8.7																		
Torchlight II, PC,"September 20, 2012","Beyond the town of Torchlight lies a world shrouded in adventure and mystery. Guardian-warrior Syl appears in a prophetic dream, summoning the player to the Estherian Steppes. There, you meet with the Destroyer and soon venture across the continent of Vilderan, an exotic frontier besieged by forces of evil. A discovery unfolds, that the Alchemist, following his conquest of dark ember, disappeared on his quest to defeat the unknown corrupted force responsible for destroying the mystical race of Estherians. Aided by Syl, the remaining Estherian Guardians, and clues left behind by the missing Alchemist, you will find yourself battling a powerful enemy that threatens to unravel the elements of the entire world. Torchlight 2.",88,8.5																		
XCOM 2, PC,"February 5, 2016","20 years have passed since world leaders unconditionally surrendered to alien forces and XCOM, the world's last line of defense, was left destroyed and scattered. Now the aliens hold dominion over the Earth, building shining cities that promise a brilliant future for humanity on the surface, while hiding a sinister intent below and eliminating all who don't fall in like with their new order. Online those who live a the edges of the world have a modicum of freedom. Here, a force gathers once again to stand up for humanity. Consistently on the run, the remnant XCOM forces need to find a way to regroup, expose the nefarious truth behind the occupation, and eliminate the alien threat for good.",88,7.3																		
Dishonored 2, PlayStation 4,"November 10, 2016","Dishonored 2 takes your protagonist, Corvo Attano or Emily Kaldwin, to the coastal city of Karnaca where the choices you make will have significant impact on the world.",88,8.0																		
Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 1 + 2, Xbox One,"September 4, 2020","Drop back in with the most iconic skateboarding games ever made. Play Tony Hawk's Pro Skater & Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 2 in one epic collection, rebuilt from the ground up in incredible HD. All the pro skaters, levels and tricks are back and fully-remastered, plus more.",88,7.9																		
What Remains of Edith Finch, Switch,"July 4, 2019",What Remains of Edith Finch is a collection of short stories about a cursed family in Washington State.,88,7.8																		
Injustice 2: Legendary Edition, PlayStation 4,"March 27, 2018",,88,7.6																		
Cuphead, PC,"September 29, 2017","Cuphead is a classic run and gun action game primarily focused on boss battles. Inspired by the cartoons of the 1930s, the visuals and audio are carefully created with the same techniques of the era, i.e. traditional cel animation (hand drawn & hand inked), watercolor backgrounds, and original jazz recordings. Play as Cuphead or Mugman (in single player or co-op) as you traverse strange worlds, acquire new weapons, learn powerful super moves, and discover hidden secrets. [Studio MDHR]",88,8.3																		
Divinity: Original Sin Enhanced Edition, PlayStation 4,"October 27, 2015","Divinity Original Sin: Enhanced Edition is a much lauded Role-Playing-Game that blends deep customization and humor with dynamic turn based combat. Either in online co-op, split-screen co-op on your TV, or even alone, take advantage of a classless RPG system to create your heroes and conquer the evils of Rivellon! Embark upon a journey with up to three companions as you bend the very fabric of time, where what seems like the case of a simple murder unravels into hours of quests facing fiendish foes, magical polymorphs, and dastardly bosses. As a Source Hunter, master the elements and use the environment to your advantage in dynamic combats mixing weather and magic to explode, poison, electrify, freeze and burn your enemies!",88,8.0																		
Minecraft: Xbox One Edition, Xbox One,"November 18, 2014",Minecraft: Xbox One Edition is a game about placing blocks to build anything you can imagine and was revealed at E3 that it will be coming to the Xbox One.,88,7.3																		
Guacamelee! Super Turbo Championship Edition, Xbox One,"July 2, 2014","Guacamelee! is a Metroid-vania style action-platformer set in a magical Mexican inspired world. The game draws its inspiration from traditional Mexican culture and folklore, and features many interesting and unique characters. Guacamelee builds upon the classic open-world Metroid-vania style of games, by adding a strong melee combat component, a new dimension switching mechanic, and cooperative same-screen multiplayer for the entire story. The game also blurs the boundaries between combat and platforming by making many of the moves useful and necessary for both of these.",88,7.0																		
XCOM: Enemy Within, Xbox 360,"November 12, 2013","XCOM: Enemy Within is the expansion to the 2012 Game of the Year award-winning strategy game XCOM: Enemy Unknown. Enemy Within adds an array of new abilities, upgrades and weapons to combat new enemy and alien threats. This expansion pack also introduces new maps, new tactical and strategic gameplay, and new multiplayer content providing a fresh new gameplay experience.",88,7.7																		
NCAA Football 2005, PlayStation 2,"July 15, 2004","Do you have what it takes to survive in college football's most hostile environments? For the first time in video game football history, the game-day atmosphere directly affects players' on-field performances. See if players have enough composure to withstand the pressure, and take advantage of key personnel mismatches with the new Match-Up Stick. Add in fan celebrations like the Gator Chomp or Texas Hook 'Em Horns and you'll see that NCAA Football 2005 delivers the real emotion, collegiate atmosphere, and traditional gameplay of college football. Electrifying Stadium Atmosphere: Watch the visiting team fight crowd noise when calling audibles and hot routes. Pump up the crowd and build up your home field advantage to take opponents out of the game. Build your team's stadium atmosphere to rank among the elite stadiums in the country. See, hear and feel the immediate impact from hostile environments like LSU?s ""Death Valley,"" ""The Swamp"" at Florida, Michigan?s ""Big House,"" and Nebraska's ""Sea of Red."" Deeper Dynasty Mode: Monitor discipline levels and grades to ensure your program's integrity, while recruiting promising high school athletes and converting them into skilled position players. Keep players happy with playing time or risk them transferring to one of your rivals in the off-season. New Gameplay Enhancements: Choose from new custom playbooks, offensive schemes, and defensive formations that include the 4-2-5 and 3-3-5 Stack. [Electronic Arts]",88,8.8																		
ESPN NHL Hockey, Xbox,"September 9, 2003","ESPN NHL Hockey brings you a complete NHL experience. Play a single game or an entire season as any current NHL team, or a historic team, complete with vintage jerseys. All the uniforms, arenas, player models, and environmental effects are meticulously detailed. With an advanced graphics engine, an exclusive ESPN presentation system featuring Gary Thorne and Bill Clement, and exciting new modes to play such as the authentic Skills Competition, ESPN NHL Hockey leads the league in hockey realism.",88,7.5																		
NCAA Football 2004, Xbox,"July 16, 2003","Experience the spirit, atmosphere, and emotion of college football like NCAA Football 2004. Whether you play as the one of the 36 new 1-AA teams or 20 classic teams from the last two decades, the game lets you celebrate the history of college football. Feel the tradition of college football Saturdays with all-new pre-game introductions and experience the pageantry with new mascots, flag-waving cheerleaders, and cannons. Other key features this season include improved college gameplay, EA Sports Online competition for the PlayStation 2, deeper Dynasty mode, and over 15 new teams and the all-new EA Sports Bio.",88,7.9																		
FIFA Soccer 2003, Xbox,"November 12, 2002","Master the fundamentals of soccer in FIFA Soccer 2003. With more ball control and player moves, this year's FIFA Soccer puts the The Total Club Championship within your grasp. Unleash the skills of the world's greatest players through new player animations and signature skill moves. Experience pressure-cooker atmospheres as you take on Europe's elite teams in their own stadiums featuring actual team chants and songs. EA Sports Freestyle Control lets you produce a feint, one-touch pass, or skill move to leave your opponents standing.",88,7.7																		
Ratchet & Clank, PlayStation 2,"November 4, 2002","Set in a futuristic world filled with spaceships, robots and high-tech gadgets, Ratchet and Clank moves from planet to planet across a vast solar system. Ratchet lives on an abandoned backwater planet and dreams of someday striking out on a magnificent space adventure. Closer to the center of the galaxy, Chairman Drek rules a polluted planet, Orxon, inhabited by an ugly race called the Blarg. He too has dreams, but his concern is conquest and domination. Tired of his polluted world, Chairman Drek comes up with the ultimate solution - to build a new planet using the best parts from many of the other worlds in the galaxy. If he can't convince the inhabitants to part with a few thousand hectares of their worlds, the army of robots and Blarg warriors can eliminate any resistance.",88,8.8																		
Tiger Woods PGA Tour 2003, PlayStation 2,"October 27, 2002","Enhanced graphics and physics: Gameplay so lush and detailed, you feel as if you're actually on the course. 13 different courses: Play famous layouts like Pebble Beach Golf Links and Royal Birkdale, or try one of three original courses. 17 PGA TOUR pros: Play as or against Tiger Woods, Ty Tryon, Mark O'Meara, Brad Faxon and many others. Total Precision Swing: Take full control over your swing, from straight drives to hooks and draws. New Modes: SkillZone and Create-a-Course feature mini-games and custom layouts. [EA Sports]",88,8.4																		
TimeSplitters 2, GameCube,"October 16, 2002","The evil race of TimeSplitters is traveling back into human history authoring events that are leading to the enslavement of mankind. In control of a motley crew of renegade characters, you must hunt down the TimeSplitters in historical eras like the gangster-ridden 1920s, the lush jungles of Aztec temples, soviet military installations of the Cold War, and futuristic robot factories in space. To end their evil plot, seek and recover the crystals required to seal the rift in time.",88,8.5																		
JSRF: Jet Set Radio Future, Xbox,"February 25, 2002","The setting is Tokyo, in the year 2024. Featuring unique anime-style graphics and tons of tricks, JSRF: Jet Set Radio Future brings the hippest game ever into a futuristic world. Choose a character, strap on your rocket-powered skates, and immerse yourself in the vast environments. The multiplayer aspects let you work together to reach seemingly unattainable places, create new attacks, and perform astounding stunts. Wherever your adventure takes you, it's all about extreme skating, extreme action, and of course extreme style.",88,8.3																		
Red Faction, PlayStation 2,"May 21, 2001","""Half-Life"" meets ""Total Recall"" in THQ's innovative first-person shooter which employs Geo-Mod technology (see a bunch of stuff blow up in real time!) and a heavy Martian mining colony storyline.",88,7.9																		
Myth II: Soulblighter, PC,"November 30, 1998","Building on the excellent plot and gameplay featured in Myth: The Fallen Lords, Myth II: Soulblighter also upped the ante by incorporating destructible environments as well as new game modes. The near-infinite gameplay permutations that ensued, ensured that Myth fans had lots of new toys to play with in the game world. Myth II also enjoyed a comprehensive update in the shape of the the Myth II expansion pack: Chimera. [Bungie Studios]",88,8.8																		
Ninja Gaiden Sigma, PlayStation 3,"July 3, 2007","As Ryu Hayabusa you are out to seek revenge after your clan is massacred by the Vigor Empire. Realistic battle actions and acrobatic ninja moves are at your finger-tips. You play with only your wits, your ninja skills, and your deadly sword. Slice down opponents in the Vigor Empire as you attempt to beat the Holy Emperor and reclaim the magic sword ""Ryuken"". Bringing the classic to the PlayStation 3, Ninja Gaiden Sigma is a more ""complete version"" of the Xbox Team Ninja title, with new moves, actions, and weapons for Hayabusa. Also added is a new playable character -- Racheal, one of the series' heroines, will be playable, and when using her, you'll get to experience the storyline from her perspective (with new cutscenes, attack moves and more.) [Tecmo]",88,7.6																		
Fire Emblem Fates: Special Edition, 3DS,"February 19, 2016","Fire Emblem Fates Special Edition Includes: All 3 Versions of Fire Emblem: Fates (Birthright, Conquest, Revelation*) on a Single Cartrige. *Allows purchasers to play Revelations three weeks prior to launch on eshop. It's the only way to get all Three Versions on a Single Cartridge. Also includes a Hardcover Art Book and Nintendo 3DS XL Carrying Pouch featuring Game Art. Two kingdoms are on the brink of war. Whose side will you choose? Torn between two families, you’re an heir of Hoshido, raised by Nohrian royals. If you walk the path of Conquest, you must fight to change your misguided kingdom from within. Command warriors with expert precision and forge deep relationships to master this turn-based strategy game.",88,8.0																		
Pinball FX 2, Xbox 360,"October 27, 2010","Pinball FX is back, and it’s better than ever! Pinball FX 2 offers improved graphics and a host of new features for novices and experts alike: a new state-of-the-art physics model that surpasses anything available so far, Operators Menu with custom settings and advanced play info, automatic in-game challenges against your friends, and split-screen local multiplayer mode-a first in video pinball history! Pinball FX 2 also offers full backward compatibility for Pinball FX owners-download Pinball FX 2 free and play all your Pinball FX tables within Pinball FX 2!",88,8.2																		
Final Fantasy Tactics: The War of the Lions, PSP,"October 9, 2007","[Metacritic's 2007 PSP Game of the Year] Originally released in 1997, Final Fantasy Tactics: The War of the Lions is a portable update on the classic turn-based strategy game that gave birth to the world of Ivalice. In development exclusively for the PSP system, FINAL FANTASY TACTICS: The Lion War features PSP system exclusive content not found on the original classic including all-new CG sequences, all-new jobs, new 16:9 widescreen presentation, new head-to-head multiplayer and new storyline elements that refine the genesis of the IVALICE ALLIANCE. [Square Enix]",88,9.1																		
NHL 11, Xbox 360,"September 7, 2010","Celebrating its 20th year, the franchise that captured 22 ‘Sports Game of the Year’ awards has raised the bar yet again with NHL® 11. Powered by an all-new Real-Time Physics Engine, NHL 11 lets you create highlight reel moments as you experience adrenaline-pumping NHL action with bigger hits, broken sticks, and faster dangles. Whether you’re beginning your career in the Canadian Hockey League, dominating rivals in the EA SPORTS Hockey League, or assembling Hockey’s Ultimate Team, any moment can be a ‘WOW’ moment with NHL 11.",88,7.7																		
Wario Land 4, Game Boy Advance,"November 18, 2001","Hey! You! Yeah, you! Listen up when Wario's talking to you! I just read about this legendary Pyramid of Gold, and you're gonna help me go explore it. There's lots of treasure in there for the taking, and I want it all. I'm sure there are gonna be all kinds of weird enemies and big, bad bosses in there, so if you don't think you can hack it, put the game down now. I don't want any losers making me jump into bottomless pits, you hear me?",88,8.7																		
The Elder Scrolls III: Morrowind Game of the Year Edition, Xbox,"October 31, 2003","The Elder Scrolls III: Morrowind Game of the Year Edition includes the original game of Morrowind, plus the Tribunal and Bloodmoon expansions. In Morrowind, you can explore exotic locations, including epic dungeons, detailed cities, and vast landscapes. Each area in Tribunal comes complete with new creatures, quests, armor, and weapons. Bloodmoon takes you into the frozen island of Solstheim, where you can become a werewolf and indulge your thirst for the hunt. Morrowind and its expansions feature enhanced graphics, in-depth gameplay, and innovative character development.",88,8.6																		
WarioWare: Twisted!, Game Boy Advance,"May 23, 2005","After accidentally discovering spin technology, Wario reassembles the developers at WarioWare, Inc. to make a new set of wild minigames. WarioWare: Twisted! maintains the fast-paced style of gameplay from the original WarioWare and introduces a new gyro sensor that lets you control the gameplay by rotating the Game Boy Advance SP left and right. The new controls play into more than 200 minigames. Play through them all to unlock souvenirs, such as bonus games, figurines, and instruments.",88,8.7																		
Halo: The Master Chief Collection - Halo 3, PC,"July 14, 2020","Halo 3 is the third game in the Halo Trilogy and provides the thrilling conclusion to the events begun in ""Halo: Combat Evolved."" Halo 3 will pick up where ""Halo 2"" left off. The Master Chief is returning to Earth to finish the fight. The Covenant occupation of Earth has uncovered a massive and ancient object beneath the African sands - an object who's secrets have yet to be revealed. Earth's forces are battered and beaten. The Master Chief's AI companion Cortana is still trapped in the clutches of the Gravemind - a horrifying Flood intelligence, and a civil war is raging in the heart of the Covenant. This is how the world ends...",88,7.9																		
Pokemon Y, 3DS,"October 12, 2013","Pokemon X and Y are the first mainline Pokemon games made for the 3DS and feature a mix of Pokemon old and new as well as a trio of new starting Pokemon - a watery toad Froakie, a fiery deer Fennekin, and a grass monster Chespin.",88,7.5																		
Call of Duty: Black Ops, PlayStation 3,"November 9, 2010","Treyarch is developing the next installment in the Call of Duty franchise, rumored to be set during the Cold War.",88,6.8																		
Deathloop, PlayStation 5,"September 14, 2021","If at first you don't succeed Die, Die Again. From the team at Arkane Lyon comes an innovative take on first-person action. ""DEATHLOOP"" transports players to the lawless island of Blackreef in an eternal struggle between two extraordinary assassins. Explore stunning environments and meticulously designed levels in an immersive gameplay experience that lets you approach every situation any way you like. Hunt down targets all over the island in an effort to put an end to the cycle once and for all, and remember, if at first you don't succeed die, die again.",88,6.4																		
Return to Castle Wolfenstein, PC,"November 19, 2001","As B.J. Blazkowicz, a highly decorated Army Ranger recruited into the Office of Secret Actions, you are tasked with escaping and then returning to Castle Wolfenstein in an attempt to thwart Heinrich Himmler's occult and genetic experiments. Through genetic engineering and the harnessing of occult powers, Himmler hopes to raise an unstoppable army to level the Allies once and for all. You must first escape from imprisonment in the castle to report the strange creatures and happenings in and around Wolfenstein to the OSA. Your mission takes a drastic turn as you learn the depth of Himmler's plans and what you must do to defeat the evil he has unleashed. [Activision]",88,8.7																		
Ori and the Blind Forest, Xbox One,"March 11, 2015","Ori and the Blind Forest is a bit of a genremix – It’s a ‘Metroidvania‘, but with a stronger platforming focus and light RPG elements, all set within an atmospheric world.",88,8.6																		
Ratchet & Clank: Rift Apart, PlayStation 5,"June 11, 2021","Ratchet & Clank: Rift Apart is an intergalactic adventure from Insomniac Games that showcases what’s possible for games designed around PS5’s SSD and DualSense wireless controller. Players seamlessly travel through different dimensions in mid-gameplay. The DualSense wireless controller brings combat to life, with haptic feedback and the adaptive triggers adding powerful sensations that increase immersion in combat.",88,8.7																		
Ori and the Blind Forest: Definitive Edition, PC,"April 27, 2016","Ori and the Blind Forest: Definitive Edition delivers a multitude of new areas, difficulty options, and gameplay upgrades that should appeal to both new and seasoned Ori players.",88,8.7																		
NCAA Football 07, Xbox,"July 18, 2006","Momentum changes everything - now college football's most celebrated videogame turns the tide with NCAA Football 07. Whether battling your biggest rival or playing for the first-ever BCS National Championship Game in Dynasty Mode, success on the field depends on your ability to maintain momentum. Featuring unprecedented graphics that capture every moment in complete detail--from the authenticity of the stadiums, mascots, and marching bands, to the true-to-life look and feel of the players on the field.",88,6.9																		
NBA Street, GameCube,"February 17, 2002","NBA stars take their skills to the streets--but out here, style and attitude win ball games. NBA Street lets you play in three-on-three basketball games that encourage flashy dunks, blocks, passes, and dribbles. The more you showboat, the greater your momentum meter becomes, thus boosting your team with a special game-breaking move. From East to West Coast, you'll compete against NBA stars, NBA legends, and street hoopsters while gaining points to unlock even more players.",88,6.0																		
Madden NFL 2002, PlayStation,"August 13, 2001","While Madden 2002 isn't reinventing football on the PlayStation, it is really the best you're going to get on the system.",88,7.3																		
Shogo: Mobile Armor Division, PC,"September 30, 1998","Choose from four ultra powerful transforming Mobile Combat Armor suits, each with its own advantages and strengths. Find tons of powerups and enhancements to improve your MCA's performance. In addition to piloting your MCA through deadly outdoor, underground, and city missions, you will be able to dock in certain areas and strike out on foot to complete objectives. There may even be a surprise or two in store... Shogo: Mobile Armor Division uses Monolith?s LithTech - one of the most advanced next-generation 3D engines in gaming. [Monolilth]",88,8.4																		
Thirty Flights of Loving, PC,"August 20, 2012","Explore the world of Thirty Flights of Loving through a first-person short story. In this sequel to Gravity Bone, take a deep dive with high-flying schemers, lovelorn criminals, and more stray kittens than you can shake a stick at. Saddle up, gunslinger.",88,5.0																		
The Witcher 2: Assassins of Kings, Xbox 360,"April 17, 2012","The second installment in the RPG saga about the Witcher, Geralt of Rivia, features a thoroughly engrossing, mature storyline defining new standards for thought-provoking, non-linear game narration. In addition to an epic story, the game features an original, brutal combat system that uniquely combines tactical elements with dynamic action. A new, modern game engine, responsible for beautiful visuals and sophisticated game mechanics puts players in the most lively and believable world ever created in an RPG game. A captivating story, dynamic combat system, beautiful graphics, and everything else that made the original Witcher such a great game are now executed in a much more advanced and sophisticated way.",88,8.4																		
It Takes Two, PC,"March 26, 2021","From Hazelight comes It Takes Two an innovative co-op adventure where uniquely varied gameplay and emotional storytelling intertwine in a fantastical journey. Founded to push the creative boundaries of what's possible in games, Hazelight is the award-winning studio behind the critically acclaimed A Way Out and Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons. Something out of the ordinary Bring your favorite co-op partner and together step into the shoes of May and Cody. As the couple is going through a divorce, through unknown means their minds are transported into two dolls which their daughter, Rose, made to represent them. Now they must reluctantly find a way to get back into their bodies, a quest which takes them through the most wild, unexpected and fantastical journey imaginable.",88,9.0																		
Overcooked! All You Can Eat, Switch,"March 23, 2021","Overcooked!, Overcooked! 2 and all additional content are blended together and remastered in this delicious definitive edition! Enjoy hundreds of levels of cooperative cooking chaos across increasingly perilous and obscure kitchens.",88,7.5																		
Hearthstone: Heroes of Warcraft, PC,"March 11, 2014","Hearthstone is a free-to-play digital strategy card game that anyone can enjoy. Players choose one of nine epic Warcraft heroes to play as, and then take turns playing cards from their customizable decks to cast potent spells, use heroic weapons or abilities, or summon powerful characters to crush their opponent.",88,5.8																		
Deathloop, PC,"September 14, 2021","If at first you don't succeed Die, Die Again. From the team at Arkane Lyon comes an innovative take on first-person action. ""DEATHLOOP"" transports players to the lawless island of Blackreef in an eternal struggle between two extraordinary assassins. Explore stunning environments and meticulously designed levels in an immersive gameplay experience that lets you approach every situation any way you like. Hunt down targets all over the island in an effort to put an end to the cycle once and for all, and remember, if at first you don't succeed die, die again.",88,4.8																		
Unity of Command II, PC,"November 12, 2019",Unity of Command II is the sequel to one of the most critically acclaimed strategy games of all time	 a game critics called 'the perfect gateway' into computer war games.,88,7.7																	
Grand Theft Auto: Liberty City Stories, PSP,"October 24, 2005","Grand Theft Auto: Liberty City Stories is an entirely new game in the Grand Theft Auto series and brings a mobile dimension to this epic experience. The original storyline and all new missions take place in Liberty City, featuring the interactive, open environment, voice talent and diverse music that have become pioneering trademarks of the series. [Rockstar]",88,7.7																		
The Walking Dead: Episode 3 - Long Road Ahead, Xbox 360,"August 29, 2012",Episode 3 of a 5-part game series set in Robert Kirkman’s universe. Treachery within the group leads to a devastating series of events. Will the tough choices you made in episodes one and two come back to haunt you or prove to be worthwhile decisions?,88,8.3																		
Medieval II: Total War, PC,"November 13, 2006","Medieval 2: Total War boasts an impressive array of new graphical and gameplay enhancements, including the capability for a massive 10,000 dynamic characters to be taken into battle at any one time. On top of this, The Creative Assembly have implemented a fully redesigned multiplayer mode that offers a dynamic multi-battle campaign bolstered by an unprecedented level of visceral combat choreography that reflects the brutality of medieval warfare. Set in the most turbulent and bloody era in European history, Medieval 2: Total War allows gamers to lead their armies across the battlefields of Europe and the Holy Land before discovering the Americas and doing battle with the fearsome Aztecs. Medieval 2: Total War offers a vastly enhanced terrain model to create new graphically rich environments portraying breathtaking cliff top castles and enhanced settlement features that are unique to each civilisation. [Sega]",88,9.0																		
Super Mario Maker 2, Switch,"June 28, 2019","Mario fans of the world, unite! Now you can play, create, and share the side-scrolling Super Mario courses of your dreams in the Super Mario Maker 2 game, available exclusively on the Nintendo Switch™ system! Dive into the single-player Story Mode and play built-in courses to rebuild Princess Peach’s castle. Make your own courses, alone or together. And with a Nintendo Switch Online membership*, share your courses, access a near-endless supply made by others, enjoy online multiplayer, and more. A new side-scrolling Mario adventure that unleashes the creative potential of Super Mario Maker 2 awaits in Story Mode, which contains over 100 built-in courses. And in Course Maker, a wide range of parts, tools, and more are available so you can construct your own courses. Want coin-shooting cannons? Bowser riding on a giant Goomba? Cat Mario sliding down slopes to take out an army of baddies? Go for it! You call the shots. Pass a Joy-Con controller to a partner to build cooperatively on a single system.",88,8.5																		
Apex Legends, PC,"February 4, 2019","Conquer with character in Apex Legends, a free-to-play Battle Royale shooter where legendary characters with powerful abilities team up to battle for fame and fortune on the fringes of the Frontier. Master an ever-growing roster of diverse legends, deep tactical squad play, and bold new innovations that level-up the Battle Royale experience—all within a rugged world where anything goes. Welcome to the next evolution of Battle Royale.",88,6.0																		
Sly 2: Band of Thieves, PlayStation 2,"September 14, 2004","Incorporating a creative new approach to team play, Sly and his crew work together to plan and pull off a series of big heists. With an enhanced move set, including pick-pocketing, vent crawls, rooftop chases, and stealth attacks, and a team of unique playable characters, Sly 2: Band of Thieves delivers a true thieving experience as players explore the open environments and must think on their feet to survive. Sly 2: Band of Thieves breaks the rules of convention and truly immerses players into a world with no laws or boundaries. Sly and his crew are back! Say goodbye to the Brat Pack as you know it because there's a new Raccoon Pack in town that is raring to go. Word is out that Interpol has excavated the robotic remains of Clockwerk -- Sly's nemesis and sworn enemy of the Cooper clan. Sly and his gang discover the parts of Clockwerk are missing, and embark on a quest to ensure Clockwerk is never reassembled. The journey takes Sly and his crew to the far reaches of the globe, and along the way experience a plot full of deceit, surprising twists, and an exciting romantic triangle that will leave you wanting more. [SCEA]",88,9.0																		
Devil May Cry 5, PlayStation 4,"March 8, 2019","The story is set several years after Devil May Cry 4. Legendary DMC action returns, made all the more stylish by the power modern gaming has to offer. Behold stunning visuals built upon the technology that brought you Resident Evil 7 biohazard. High framerate graphics and flexible design give our creators what they need to offer fans the latest and greatest DMC experience.",88,8.4																		
Doom 3, Xbox,"April 3, 2005","A massive demonic invasion has overwhelmed the Union Aerospace Corporation's (UAC) Mars Research Facility, leaving only chaos and horror in its wake. As one of only a few survivors, you must fight your way to hell and back against a horde of evil monsters. The path is dark and dangerous, but you'll have an array of weapons--including a pistol, a chainsaw, grenades, and more--to use for protection.",88,8.1																		
NCAA Football 2005, GameCube,"July 15, 2004","Kick off the football season with NCAA Football 2005, a game that brings you closer to the players, stadiums, and atmosphere of college football. For the first time in the series, the game-day atmosphere directly affects players' on-field performance. Create mismatches with the new Match-Up Stick, and then celebrate big plays with new fan celebrations, like the Gator Chomp and the Texas Hook 'Em Horns. NCAA Football 2005 also features online tournaments, a deeper Dynasty mode, and a host of other gameplay enhancements.",88,8.4																		
FIFA Soccer 2003, PlayStation 2,"November 14, 2002","The World of Soccer: Play with all the best clubs, players and national teams. Powerhouse Detail: The Club Championship highlights the top 18 club teams with intense detail, including team-specific stadiums and chants. Total Ball Control: Use your feet and head to control the ball like never before. New Set Pieces: Use free kicks and corner kicks to set up a shot or even score directly. Game-changing AI: Computer opponents will adopt tactics based on the real game situations. [EA Games]",88,6.5																		
Aggressive Inline, GameCube,"July 31, 2002","Aggressive Inline pushes your inline skating skills to the limit with a new Juice Meter, challenging objectives, and expansive levels. You can choose from an array of professional inline skaters--including Jaren Grob, Chris Edwards, and Shane Yost--and showcase your talent in various interactive skate parks. Perform a variety of manuals, grinds, big-air tricks, wall flips, hand plants, and more, to build up your Juice Meter and avoid elimination. Aggressive Inline also includes a Park Editor that lets you design your own skate park, complete with rails, ramps, and pipes.",88,8.0																		
F1 2002, PC,"June 13, 2002","In-depth telemetry -- Optimize vehicle setup, driving style and general performance using detailed Telemetry data	 State of the art technology -- Cutting edge graphics technology, dynamic weather effects, real word lighting, character animation for pit crews, and engine and brake temperature modelling	 Authentic 2002 driver controls -- Experience the same technological wizardry available to Formula One drivers, including Launch Control, Traction Control and variable level automated shifting	 Greater Accessibility -- An all-new team themed user interface, enhanced game controller support and Force Feedback. [EA Sports]",88,7.5															
Tekken: Dark Resurrection, PSP,"July 25, 2006","TEKKEN: Dark Resurrection arrives on the PSP. New characters Lili and Dragunov join the classic cast such as Jin, Heihachi, Paul and Law in the battle to be crowned King of the Iron Fist Tournament. An all-new intro movie lets you dive into the midst of the world of TEKKEN, this time with ad-hoc multiplayer mode to fight against friends as well as more items to customize your favorite characters. The beauty of TEKKEN is re-created on the handheld console, delivering one of the most realistic graphics on a handheld platform. A variety of destructible objects pump up the action on 19 stages. Play as one of over 30 characters, including classics Jin, Heihachi, Paul, Law and more. New characters Lili and Dragunov join the classic cast with all-new fight styles and moves. Collecting victories to lead your character to become king rewards you with ending movies for each character. Use your fight money to customize your characters – with more than double the items seen in TEKKEN 5. Using Wi-Fi connectivity of the PSP platform, you can battle against your friends – take your customized, original character against theirs and let the battle unfold. Mini-games provide a little breather from heart-pumping fighting action for more fun against friends. [Namco]",88,8.6																		
The Stanley Parable, PC,"October 17, 2013","The Stanley Parable HD Remix is an updated version of the Half-Life 2 mod The Stanley Parable. It is a first person exploration game. You will play as Stanley, and you will not play as Stanley. You will follow a story, you will not follow a story. You will have a choice, you will have no choice. The game will end, the game will never end. [Steam]",88,8.1																		
Slay the Spire, PlayStation 4,"May 21, 2019","Slay the Spire is an energetic fusion of card games and roguelikes. Choose your cards wisely. Craft a unique deck, encounter bizarre creatures, discover relics of immense power, and make your way up the ever-changing Spire.",88,6.9																		
Guacamelee! Gold Edition, PC,"August 8, 2013","Guacamelee! is a Metroid-vania style action-platformer set in a magical Mexican inspired world. The game draws its inspiration from traditional Mexican culture and folklore, and features many interesting and unique characters. Guacamelee builds upon the classic open-world Metroid-vania style of games, by adding a strong melee combat component, a new dimension switching mechanic, and cooperative same-screen multiplayer for the entire story. The game also blurs the boundaries between combat and platforming by making many of the moves useful and necessary for both of these.",88,7.5																		
BioShock 2, PlayStation 3,"February 9, 2010","Set approximately 10 years after the events of the original BioShock, the halls of Rapture once again echo with sins of the past. Along the Atlantic coastline, a monster has been snatching little girls and bringing them back to the undersea city of Rapture. You are the very first Big Daddy as you travel through the decrepit and beautiful fallen city, chasing an unseen foe in search of answers and your own survival. Multiplayer in BioShock 2 provides a rich prequel experience that expands the BioShock gameplay. Set during the fall of Rapture, players assume the role of Plasmid test subject in the underwater city that was first explored in the original BioShock. Players will need to use all the elements of the game's toolset to survive as the full depth of the BioShock experience is refined and transformed into a unique multiplayer experience that can only be found in Rapture. [2K Games]",88,8.2																		
ESPN NHL 2K5, Xbox,"August 30, 2004","ESPN NHL 2K5 continues the ESPN NHL series by introducing a bevy of new features. The gameplay, presentation, and graphics from last year's installment have been enhanced in the sequel. This time, you can use improved checks and defensive maneuvers to get even more physical with your hockey players. An enhanced ESPN presentation introduces cutscenes from the locker room and includes statistic-laden overlays, crowd chants, and more. You can also take on your friends in the all-new Party mode, and you can compete in online tournaments.",88,7.9																		
BioShock 2, PC,"February 9, 2010","Set approximately 10 years after the events of the original BioShock, the halls of Rapture once again echo with sins of the past. Along the Atlantic coastline, a monster has been snatching little girls and bringing them back to the undersea city of Rapture. You are the very first Big Daddy as you travel through the decrepit and beautiful fallen city, chasing an unseen foe in search of answers and your own survival. Multiplayer in BioShock 2 provides a rich prequel experience that expands the BioShock gameplay. Set during the fall of Rapture, players assume the role of Plasmid test subject in the underwater city that was first explored in the original BioShock. Players will need to use all the elements of the game's toolset to survive as the full depth of the BioShock experience is refined and transformed into a unique multiplayer experience that can only be found in Rapture. [2K Games]",88,8.1																		
Counter-Strike: Source, PC,"October 7, 2004","Valve has taken a large selection of the maps from Counter-Strike 1.6 - Office, Havana, Italy, Aztec, Chateau, Cobble, Piranesi and of course eternal favourites Dust and Dust 2, and recreated them for the source engine. This means all new textures and major aesthetic changes with more complex buildings and scenery. In addition, the levels are scattered with objects that react realistically with the Source engine's physics engine. [GamersEurope.com] The game is available through Valve's Steam downloading service and is distributed with ""Half-Life 2.""",88,8.9																		
Fire Emblem, Game Boy Advance,"November 3, 2003","Marshall your forces and draw your steel--Fire Emblem has arrived. Fire Emblem combines strategy and role-playing in a story heavy on royal intrigue and backstabbing. As a military strategist, you must choose the best method of attack whether it is swooping from the sky with your Pegasus Knights or striking with a phalanx of armored juggernauts to crush the opposition. With dozens of soldiers, weapons, and magic spells at your service, Fire Emblem equips you with everything you need to dominate the battlefield.",88,9.0																		
Fire Emblem Fates: Revelation, 3DS,"March 10, 2016",Requires full version of Fire Emblem Fates: Conquest or Fire Emblem Fates: Birthright.,88,7.3																		
Sid Meier's Civilization VI, PC,"October 20, 2016","Civilization VI offers new ways to interact with your world, expand your empire across the map, advance your culture, and compete against history’s greatest leaders to build a civilization that will stand the test of time.",88,7.0																		
Battlefield 1, PC,"October 21, 2016","Intuitive destruction and dynamic weather ensure that no battle is ever the same. For even more gameplay possibilities, carve a path through walls and buildings, take down your enemies in creative ways, and leave your mark on the terrain around you through intuitive destruction. Through your actions, the pristine world around you change into a battle-scarred landscape, changing the world forever. With dynamic weather you will need to adapt your tactics to weather changes as the elements play a part in the battle. Playing the same map on a bright day, in heavy fog, or rain will impact what you see and hear, forcing you to adapt your play style on an ever-changing battlefield. Operations introduces a new way to play multiplayer. In Battlefield 1 you play a series of interconnected battles across multiple fronts. Play a sequence of battles where your actions have consequences beyond a single match, as you try to conquer territory or push back your attackers. At those times when you feel all is lost, call in the Behemoths - the largest fully player-controlled vehicles ever seen in Battlefield. Roam the battlefield and rain fire on your enemy to break their defenses. All-out war never felt so epic. Take control of the Armored Train, Air Ship, or the Battleship to dominate the battlefield across land, air, and sea. [Electronic Arts]",88,7.1																		
Starcraft II: Legacy of the Void, PC,"November 10, 2015","StarCraft II continues the epic saga of the Protoss, Terran, and Zerg. These three distinct and powerful races clash once again in the fast-paced real-time strategy sequel to the legendary original, StarCraft. Legions of veteran, upgraded, and brand-new unit types do battle across the galaxy, as each faction struggles for survival. Featuring a unique single-player campaign that picks up where StarCraft: Brood War left off, StarCraft II presents a cast of new heroes and familiar faces in an edgy sci-fi story filled with adventure and intrigue. In addition, Blizzard again offers unparalleled online play through Battle.net, the company's world-renowned gaming service, with several enhancements and new features to make StarCraft II the ultimate competitive real-time strategy game. Features fast-paced, hard-hitting, tightly balanced competitive real-time strategy gameplay that recaptures and improves on the magic of the original game. New units and gameplay mechanics further distinguish each race. Vibrant new 3D-graphics engine with support for dazzling visual effects and massive unit and army sizes. Full map-making and scripting tools to give players incredible freedom in customizing and personalizing their gameplay experience. [Blizzard]",88,8.4																		
Diablo III, PC,"May 15, 2012","Diablo III picks up the story twenty years after the events of Diablo II. Mephisto, Diablo, and Baal have been defeated, but the Worldstone, which once shielded the inhabitants of the world of Sanctuary from the forces of both the High Heavens and the Burning Hells, has been destroyed, and evil once again stirs in Tristram. Playing as a hero from one of five distinct character classes, players acquire powerful items, spells, and abilities as they explore new and familiar areas of Sanctuary and battle hordes of demons to safeguard the world from the horrors that have arisen. Diablo III features a custom 3D-graphics engine to render lush indoor and outdoor areas of Sanctuary with a high level of detail and vivid special effects. The game's physics-enhanced environments are interactive and destructible, offering traps and obstacles that create added danger for players and monsters alike. These elements, along with a new quest system and random scripted events, have been integrated into the game’s random-level generator, giving Diablo III the ultimate combination of dynamic gameplay and replayability. Cooperative and competitive play are available online through an upgraded version of Blizzard Entertainment’s renowned online gaming service, Battle.net. [Blizzard Entertainment]",88,4.1																		
F1 2020, PC,"July 9, 2020","For the first time, players can create their own F1® team by creating a driver, then choosing a sponsor, an engine supplier, hiring a teammate and competing as the 11th team on the grid. Build facilities, develop the team over time and drive to the top. Customise your 10-year career mode, with a choice of F2™ Championship introduction options and season lengths to allow for a more exciting, multiple season, career. The addition of split-screen racing, a new steering assist and a more accessible race experience means that you can enjoy the game with friends, no matter what your skill level. F1® 2020 features all the official teams, drivers and 22 circuits, including two new races: Hanoi Circuit and Circuit Zandvoort. Online connection required to download the final teams’ 2020 cars (as applicable) and F2™ 2020 season content.",88,7.0																		
Downwell, Switch,"January 31, 2019",Downwell is a curious game about a young person venturing down a well in search of untold treasures with only his Gunboots for protection. Make your way further and further down into the darkness filled with nasty creatures and mysterious secrets to collect the spectacular red gems scattered about the rocks. Step into precariously placed shops and buy some helpful items or level up between levels to battle well-dwelling monsters and uncover hidden caves filled with riches and relics. No two trips down the well are ever the same.,88,7.3																		
Owlboy, PlayStation 4,"April 10, 2018","Owlboy is a vertical platform adventure set in the sky, where the islands of the world have been spread apart after a great calamity. You play as Otus, among the last of the Owls, a renowned race that has produced many of the world's great wonders",88,6.7																		
Wildermyth, PC,"June 15, 2021","We call Wildermyth a myth-making tactical RPG. It empowers you to craft iconic characters who grow through deep, rewarding battles and interactive storytelling.",88,7.8																		
Monster Hunter: World, PC,"August 9, 2018","In Monster Hunter: World you assume the role of a hunter venturing to a new continent where you track down and slay ferocious beasts in heart-pounding battles. This new land and its diverse inhabitants play a critical role in each quest as you strategically use the surrounding environment including terrain, vegetation and wildlife to your advantage in battle or become hindered by the hazards they present. As a hunter, you must use your cunning and expertise to track and maneuver your targets throughout the intense, evolving battles. [Capcom]",88,6.8																		
Fight Night Round 4, PlayStation 3,"June 23, 2009","Featuring a re-written gameplay engine, EA Sports Fight Night Round 4 adds a variety of fighting styles and boxer differentiation to authentically emulate the greatest fighters of all time. Pressure your opponent with the brawling inside style of young Mike Tyson, bobbing and weaving to set up powerful hooks and uppercuts. Capitalize on Muhammad Ali's reach, hand speed and fleetness of foot to bewilder your opponent with lightning fast jabs and straights from the outside. For the first time, EA Sports Fight Night Round 4 gives you the opportunity to pit these legendary heavyweights against one another and name a true champ. No fight will be the same with an all-new physics-based animation system that recreates the full spectrum of true-to-life punch impacts, giving boxers a devastating arsenal of punches, blocks and ring movement. The new physics system allows for missed punches, glancing punches, knockout blows and for the first time ever, rough and tumble inside fighting. Fatigue, adrenaline, footwork and timing all come into play as you hammer away at your opponents. [Electronic Arts]",88,7.6																		
Ghost of Tsushima: Director's Cut, PlayStation 5,"August 20, 2021","Ghost of Tsushima Director's Cut includes: Ghost of Tsushima full game	 Iki Island expansion: New story, mini-games, enemy types and more*	 Legends online co-op mode	 Downloadable content: Digital mini art book, Director's commentary, One Technique Point, Charm of Hachiman's Favor, Hero of Tsushima Skin Set. PS5 Features: Dynamic 4K resolution targeting 60fps (requires compatible 4K TV or display). DualSense™ wireless controller haptic feedback and adaptive trigger resistance. 3D Audio (with analog or USB stereo headphones). Lip sync for Japanese voiceover. Ability to transfer PS4 saved progress to PS5 game.",88,6.7															
Monster Hunter Rise, Switch,"March 26, 2021","Rise to the challenge and join the hunt. The action-RPG series returns to the Nintendo Switch! Set in the ninja-inspired land of Kamura Village, explore lush ecosystems and battle fearsome monsters to become the ultimate hunter. It's been half a century since the last calamity struck, but a terrifying new monster has reared its head and threatens to plunge the land into chaos once again. Hunt solo or in a party with friends to earn rewards that you can use to craft a huge variety of weapons and armor. Brand new gameplay systems such as the high-flying 'Wire Action' and your canine companion 'Palamute' will add exciting new layers to the already robust combat that Monster Hunter is known for. Whether it's at home, on the go, online or offline - you'll always be ready for your next hunt on the Nintendo Switch!",88,9.0																		
Diablo III: Eternal Collection, Switch,"November 2, 2018","Generations of gamers have battled the demonic hordes of Diablo, and now it's your turn to take part in the action-RPG legacy. This Eternal Collection features Diablo III, the Reaper of Souls expansion set and the Rise of the Necromancer packall together in one definitive volume. Prepare yourself, mortal hero. The hellgates are opening.",88,7.5																		
Oddworld: Stranger's Wrath, Xbox,"January 25, 2005","In Oddworld Stranger's Wrath, the new chapter the Oddworld series, you'll step into the role of the Stranger--a mysterious bounty hunter who tracks down outlaws for money. Equipped a variety of strange weapons that use small creatures as bullets, you'll explore expansive environments ranging from Old West towns and thick forests to industrial complexes. The game combines first- and third-person action gameplay with familiar Oddworld elements.",88,8.8																		
Rise of Nations: Thrones & Patriots, PC,"April 27, 2004","Developed by Brian Reynolds and Big Huge Games, Throne and Patriots, the expansion pack to the critically acclaimed, best-selling real-time strategy (RTS) game Rise of Nations, adds a multitude of new features to Rise of Nations including	 six new nations, a wide variety of new single player campaigns, more than 20 new units, new wonders and an innovative new Government feature. With the new Government feature, any nation, old or new, can choose exactly how to be governed, which has far-reaching effects on how units perform in various situations. All-new single player campaigns will allow gamers to control the course of history during historical events that changed the world. [Microsoft]",88,8.9																	
Sid Meier's Pirates!, PC,"November 22, 2004","An entirely new game engine delivers updated gameplay, stunning new features, spectacular 3D graphics and enhanced surround sound, so players can fully experience the intrigue, adventure and danger of life as a pirate on the Spanish Main. In Pirates! you take the leading role of a Pirate Captain in the 17th century Caribbean amassing fortune and fame in an attempt to seize your rightful place as one of the most revered (and feared!) pirates in history. Test your skills as a sea captain exploring the high seas and exotic ports in a richly detailed 3D world. Overtake the enemy and seize valuable booty. Exchange plank-shattering broadsides in fierce naval battles, and engage in duels with worthy opposing captains. As your reputation and skills grow, so will the size and quality of your crew, and your ability to take on larger enemy ships, raid and plunder heavily fortified ports, and locate ancient treasure. There?s a whole cast of interesting and dangerous characters to meet, mysteries to solve, exotic island destinations to discover, and powerful alliances to forge! [Firaxis]",88,8.4																		
Battlefield: Bad Company 2 Vietnam, PlayStation 3,"December 21, 2010","Set in the 1960s, this DLC adds 4 new multiplayer maps, 15 new weapons, and six vehicles.",88,8.2																		
EVE Online: Special Edition, PC,"March 10, 2009","The EVE Online: Apocrypha expansion coincides with the release of EVE Online as a boxed product through a partnership with Atari. The fabric of space itself is transformed as vast, unpredictable wormholes open to connect previously unexplored regions of the universe to the stars of New Eden. The seeds of advanced new technology await inside of these cosmic anomalies for those brave enough to explore them. This infusion of technology enables production of the most dynamic vessels ever – Tech 3 modular ships with an astounding amount of customizability that can fill any role from skirmish muscle to industrial support. Furthermore, NPC agents in EVE Online: Apocrypha are authorized to assign Epic Mission Arcs to the pilots of New Eden. These branching, far-reaching mission strings are full of meaningful stories and more intelligent and deadly adversaries.",88,7.7																		
SteamWorld Dig 2, Switch,"September 21, 2017","Grab your pickaxe and dig into the sequel to SteamWorld Dig. A platform mining adventure forged in Metroidvania flames. In search of her lost friend, a lone steambot and her unlikely companion must dig deep, gain riches and explore an underworld riddled with danger. But time is running short... [Nintendo]",88,8.6																		
Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3, PlayStation 3,"November 8, 2011","Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3 is a direct sequel to the previous game in the series, Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 2, with a campaign storyline continuing the struggle of U.S. forces against an invasion by the Russian Federation following the framing of an undercover U.S. agent in a terrorist attack on Moscow. Together with classic Call of Duty multi-character control, Modern Warfare 3 contains deep multiplayer support, including two-player Co-op Survival mode. The game also contains all-new Kill Streak categories and customizable strike packages that offer more options for player combat styles and strategies.",88,3.3																		
FIFA Soccer 11, Xbox 360,"September 28, 2010",EA returns to the field with another installment in its long-running soccer series.,88,7.5																		
Apex Legends, Xbox One,"February 4, 2019","Conquer with character in Apex Legends, a free-to-play Battle Royale shooter where legendary characters with powerful abilities team up to battle for fame and fortune on the fringes of the Frontier. Master an ever-growing roster of diverse legends, deep tactical squad play, and bold new innovations that level-up the Battle Royale experience—all within a rugged world where anything goes. Welcome to the next evolution of Battle Royale.",88,6.9																		
LittleBigPlanet PS Vita, PlayStation Vita,"September 18, 2012","LittleBigPlanet lets you play, create, and share on the PlayStation Vita. The PS Vita's front and back touch controls let you play freely. Fully customize Sackboy and his world with the specialized CREATE tools, and discover endless levels SHARED by fans online. Includes all features from the first and second games together with new PS VIta exclusive elements.",88,8.5																		
Armadillo Run, PC,"April 22, 2006","Armadillo Run is a physics-based puzzle game. You have to build structures with the purpose of getting an armadillo to a certain point in space. There is a selection of building materials, each with different properties, which can be combined to form almost anything. The realistic physics simulation gives you the freedom to solve each level in many different ways.",88,7.6																		
FIFA Soccer 13, PlayStation 3,"September 25, 2012","Inspired by Lionel Messi, experience the freedom and control to be more creative in attack. Face an opponent to threaten attack while moving with the ball in any direction utilizing precise dribble touches to dodge tackles, or turn and shield the ball, holding off defenders for longer stretches. With Complete Dribbling it’s easier to be more dangerous in 1v1 opportunities.",88,6.6																		
Ikaruga, Switch,"May 29, 2018","A rebel pilot named Shinra must battle an enemy nation using a specially-designed fighter called the Ikaruga, which can switch between two energy polarities (black or white) at the touch of a button. Bullets that are the same color as Shinra's ship can be absorbed, while the opposite color will do damage - this polarity-switching mechanic is the game's core feature and the foundation for its stage and enemy design. It's now up to Shinra makes his final stand, as the Ikaruga might be the rebel federation's last chance to defeat the oppressive Horai regime.",88,7.7																		
World of Warcraft: Legion, PC,"August 30, 2016","The Tomb of Sargeras has been reopened, and the demons of the Burning Legion pour into our world. Their full, terrifying might is fixed on summoning the Dark Titan to Azeroth—and they’ve already located the key to his return. With the Alliance and Horde devastated, only you can take up Warcraft’s most legendary artifacts, scour the ancient Broken Isles for relics of the Titans, and challenge the Legion before Azeroth’s last hope dies. Steel yourself, champion. Extinction is imminent.",88,7.6																		
Pillars of Eternity II: Deadfire, PC,"May 8, 2018","Pursue a rogue god over land and sea in the sequel to the multi-award-winning RPG Pillars of eternity. Captain your ship on a dangerous voyage of discovery across the vast unexplored archipelago region of the dead Fire. Bend the world to your will, as you explore the depths of Infinite possibilities, including detailed character customization, total freedom of exploration, and more meaningful choices at every turn.",88,7.8																		
DOOM Eternal, PC,"March 20, 2020","DOOM Eternal is the direct sequel to 2016's DOOM. Developed by id Software, DOOM Eternal delivers the ultimate combination of speed and power, along with the next leap in push-forward, first-person combat. As the DOOM Slayer, you’ll return to take your vengeance against the forces of Hell. Set to an all-new pulse-pounding soundtrack composed by Mick Gordon, you fight across dimensions as you slay new and classic demons with powerful new weapons and abilities. [Bethesda]",88,8.8																		
Art of Balance, Wii,"February 15, 2010","[WiiWare] Grab your Wii Remote controller and build a balanced stack in this physics-based puzzler, featuring 100 levels that challenge not only your skills but also your imagination. The game is easy to pick up and hard to put away. Play alone or invite a friend to grab a second Wii Remote controller and drop in at any point for co-op play. There's even a dedicated two-player split-screen ""versus"" mode for extra fun. [Nintendo]",88,7.7																		
MVP Baseball 2005, GameCube,"February 22, 2005","MVP Baseball 2005 offers more features that let you take control of your favorite major league baseball team both on and off the field. The game highlights its new Hitter's Eye controls, which give you more control of your swing, movement in the batter's box, and the ability to read the pitch. In addition to enhanced offensive tools, this year's installment in the MVP Baseball series includes an improved dynasty mode, a spring training mode, and an all-new owner mode. Play through a challenging single-player season to unlock legendary players and new gear, or challenge your friend to an online game.",88,7.8																		
Keep Talking and Nobody Explodes, PlayStation 4,"October 13, 2016","One player is trapped in a virtual room with a ticking time bomb they must defuse. The other players are the “Experts” who must give the instructions to defuse the bomb by deciphering the information found in the bomb defusal manual. But there’s a catch: the experts can’t see the bomb, so everyone will need to talk it out – fast.",88,7.0																		
Joe Danger: Special Edition, Xbox 360,"December 14, 2011","You are Joe Danger, the world's most determined motorbike stuntman. You live to thrill the crowd and break World Records. A call back to retro classics like Excitebike, this 3D side-scrolling stunt-em-up is a burst of sugar-rush fun for today's jaded gamers",88,7.7																		
Cave Story +, Switch,"June 20, 2017","Cave Story takes you into a rare world where a curious race of innocent, rabbit-like creatures called Mimiga run free. You wake up in a dark cave with no memory of who you are, where you came from or why you're in such a place. Uncovering Mimiga Village, you discover that the once-carefree Mimiga are in danger at the hands of a maniacal scientist. Their only hope rests squarely on the shoulders of a quiet, amnesiac boy who can't remember his own name. Take control, learn the origins of this world's power, stop the delusional villain and save the Mimiga.",88,7.9																		
Crimson Skies: High Road to Revenge, Xbox,"October 21, 2003","Crimson Skies: High Road to Revenge combines thrilling aerial combat with the swashbuckling style of a Hollywood action-adventure movie. Set in an alternate 1930s world of gunship diplomacy and sinister intrigue, the game lets you pilot powerful aircraft--armed with detonator cannons, tesla guns, or remote-controlled rockets--against nefarious air pirates and behemoth war zeppelins. As the daring air pirate Nathan Zachary, leader of the infamous Fortune Hunters, you take off on a high-flying adventure, filled with daring escapes and damsels in distress.",88,8.8																		
NASCAR Thunder 2004, PlayStation 2,"September 16, 2003","From 200 MPH super-speedways to hairpin turns on 11 fantasy tracks, tuning your car and finding the line is no longer enough. Now you?re running to the edge against 42 other unique NASCAR® personalities every race, drivers who remember your every move and won?t think twice about paying you back. Out-smart and out-drive them as you battle three-wide from green to checkers. Online or on your own, racing just became a contact sport. Grudges & Alliances: Emotion comes to a racing game for the first time as CPU drivers remember your every move and aren't afraid to pay you back. Pick up & Play controls help new fans navigate over 60 events including all real world NASCAR races, plus 12 winding road courses. NASCAR Thunder 2004 goes online with peer-to-peer racing on the PlayStation®2 and 16 player races on PC. The most extensive Career Mode in a NASCAR video game just got deeper and easier to navigate! The deepest NASCAR game ever created with over 70 drivers and 175 authentic cars and the first game with a full pack of 43 Cup Series cars. [Electronic Arts]",88,8.6																		
Burnout 2: Point of Impact, Xbox,"May 1, 2003","Burnout 2: Point of Impact is the follow-up to the original smash hit with improved graphics, faster gameplay, and bigger, more spectacular crashes. While the first Burnout was inspired by European movies and locations, its sequel is inspired by American films such as The Fast and the Furious. Set in US locations, the game gives you an all-new set of vehicles: modified Japanese cars, pickups, SUVs - plus some bonus rides such as police cruisers, and classic 50's hotrods. Also, expect tighter handling, better crash deformations, new music, new game structure, enhanced physics, new lighting, improved car models, a new replay system, and fast-paced fun.",88,5.7																		
TimeSplitters 2, Xbox,"October 17, 2002","The evil race of TimeSplitters is traveling back into human history authoring events that are leading to the enslavement of mankind. In control of a motley crew of renegade characters, you must hunt down the TimeSplitters in historical eras like the gangster-ridden 1920s, the lush jungles of Aztec temples, soviet military installations of the Cold War, and futuristic robot factories in space. To end their evil plot, seek and recover the crystals required to seal the rift in time.",88,7.6																		
Dark Age of Camelot, PC,"September 1, 2001","Set in the Kingdom of Albion in the years immediately following the death of King Arthur, players of this MMORPG enter a world in chaos, where Arthur's peace has been shattered and dark forces threaten the Kingdom. In Camelot, players must choose to be members of one of the three Realms that are striving for mastery in this chaotic world. [Mythic Entertainment]",88,7.8																		
Baldur's Gate II: Throne of Bhaal, PC,"June 21, 2001","The final chapter of the wildly popular Baldur's Gate series, technically and add-on pack to ""Shadows of Amn"" but which plays like a true sequel, opens after the conclusion of ""Shadows"" at the outbreak of a major Bhaalspawn war and throws you into a new adventure called the Watcher's Keep.",88,8.8																		
Counter-Strike, PC,"November 8, 2000","Counter-Strike modifies the multiplayer aspects of ""Half-Life"" to bring to it a more team-oriented gameplay. Counter-Strike provides the player with an experience that a trained counter-terrorist unit or terrorist unit experiences.",88,9.2																		
Owlboy, PC,"November 1, 2016","Owlboy is a 'hi-bit' adventure game, where you can fly and explore a brand new world in the clouds. Pick up your friends, and bring them with you as you explore the open skies. Overcome obstacles and greater enemies in this detailed adventure.",88,7.6																		
The Talos Principle: Deluxe Edition, PlayStation 4,"October 13, 2015","In The Talos Principle, players assume the role of a sentient artificial intelligence placed within a simulation of humanity?s greatest ruins and linked together through an arcane cathedral. Players are tasked with solving a series of increasingly complex puzzles woven into a metaphysical parable about intelligence and meaning in an inevitably doomed world.",88,8.2																		
Battlefield: Bad Company 2 Vietnam, Xbox 360,"December 21, 2010","Set in the 1960s, this DLC adds 4 new multiplayer maps, 15 new weapons, and six vehicles.",88,8.0																		
Celeste, PC,"January 25, 2018","Help Madeline survive her journey to the top of Celeste Mountain in this super-tight, hand-crafted platformer from the creators of TowerFall.",88,8.3																		
Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 4, PC,"August 14, 2003","Drop into the ultimate skating challenge with Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 4. Players take on the role of legendary skateboarder Tony Hawk and 13 other athletes as they skate through enormous free roaming levels, choose from 190 progressively harder goals and build their skills to perform 14 of the greatest skateboarding stunts of all time. Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 4 delivers the deepest and most challenging gameplay experience in the Tony Hawk's Pro Skater series. The game's enhanced career mode allows players to earn respect and the chance to take on all new pro goals by conquering a skater-specific Pro Challenge based on each skater's personal history. [Aspyr]",88,8.2																		
Night in the Woods, PC,"February 21, 2017","Night In The Woods is a 2D story-focused adventure/exploration game with many extracurricular activities to enjoy, characters to meet, and secrets to discover. Run, jump and use astral projection to explore the many sides of town of Possum Springs and the surrounding environs. Waste time around town with your crew of loser friends. Gain abilities that grant passage to new areas. Discover the secrets of a large cast of characters and the town itself. Experience a big crazy world and the remarkable events unfolding there. Play bass. Break stuff.",88,7.6																		
Ori and the Blind Forest, PC,"March 11, 2015","Ori and the Blind Forest is a bit of a genremix – It’s a ‘Metroidvania‘, but with a stronger platforming focus and light RPG elements, all set within an atmospheric world.",88,8.7																		
Need for Speed: Hot Pursuit, Xbox 360,"November 16, 2010","Need for Speed Hot Pursuit players will experience the thrill of the chase and the rush of the escape as they play through full careers as both a cop and a racer – solo or connected. The blistering speeds, brutal busts and heart-stopping getaways are all connected via Need for Speed Autolog. This network not only connects friends for epic head-to head pursuits and races, but also enables players to compare performances and stats, thereby setting the stage for the ultimate in friendly competition.",88,7.2																		
Pistol Whip, PlayStation 4,"July 30, 2020",Pistol Whip is an unstoppable action-rhythm FPS. Journey through a cinematic bullet hell powered by a breakneck soundtrack to become the ultimate action hero legend.,88,7.1																		
Ridge Racer, PSP,"March 22, 2005","(Also known as ""Ridge Racers"") Featuring the best loved race courses from arcade classic Rave Racer and the entire Ridge Racer series, 24 circuits of breakneck speed and exhilaration stand between you and racing glory. Beat the clock in Time Attack Mode or test your racing skills against up to 8 players in WiFi compatible Wireless Battle Mode. Features reworked and enhanced car design, complete with trademark Ridge Racer series drift handling. Drive in style and rise through the ranks to unlock hidden bonuses in World Tour Mode. Featuring 24 breathtaking courses, the most in any Ridge Racer game, including old favourites Seaside Route 765, Crimsonrock Pass and Greenpeak Highlands. [Namco]",88,8.1																		
Forza Horizon 4, PC,"September 28, 2018","For the first time in the racing and driving genre, experience dynamic seasons in a shared open-world. Explore beautiful scenery, collect over 450 cars, and become a Horizon Superstar in historic Britain.",88,7.8																		
F1 2021, Xbox Series X,"July 13, 2021","Every story has a beginning in F1® 2021, the official videogame of the 2021 FIA FORMULA ONE WORLD CHAMPIONSHIP™. Enjoy the stunning new features of F1® 2021, including the thrilling story experience ‘Braking Point’, two-player Career, and get even closer to the grid with ‘Real-Season Start’.",88,5.6																		
Fight Night Round 2, PlayStation 2,"February 28, 2005","Fight Night Round 2 continues to deliver innovative gameplay via the analog Total Punch Control mechanic, allowing gamers to throw multiple punches, block, bob and weave with complete precision and control. Packing in more fearsome punches, players can now dominate the ring with the all-new EA SPORTS Haymaker allowing gamers to knock down their opponents with one devastating blow by adding extra power to each punch. Every hit counts in the game with powerful punches inflicting dynamic injuries on opponents, and thus reducing a fighter's ability to defend himself. Players also manage the boxers inside and out of the ring. Utilizing the new EA SPORTS Cutman, gamers can minimize damage on their fighters by helping them heal critical wounds between rounds. The game includes a new and unique create-a-player option, deep training and career mode, as well as online play for the PlayStation 2 and Xbox consoles. [Electronic Arts]",88,8.8																		
Nex Machina: Death Machine, PlayStation 4,"June 20, 2017","From the collaboration between Housemarque (Resogun, Alienation, Matterfall), and Robotron and Smash TV legendary creator Eugene Jarvis comes Nex Machina, an explosive arcade experience created with competition in mind. Can you survive the mechanical onslaught of hundreds of evil robots trying to obliterate any threat? Can you stop them from harvesting oblivious humans? In the vein of cult classics such Resogun and Robotron, Nex Machina is the ultimate top-down voxel shooter where everything can be blown up to pieces. Enter ""the zone"", become one with the game and pull off the most incredible feats. Packed with opportunities to create your own playstyle, face tough challenges and engage in a ruthlessly competitive environment, Nex Machina is what arcade games deserve to be in the 21th century. [Playstation.com]",88,8.0																		
Nioh, PlayStation 4,"February 7, 2017","Take up your sword and travel to Japans blood-bathed Sengoku period an era ravaged by warring states and dark, malevolent forces and cut a violent path through the land as the masterless samurai, William. Cross blades in brutal hand-to-hand combat, wielding swords, axes, spears and even war hammers against foes both human and demon. Endure the vicious encounters and learn from your mistakes: each death will bring you resurrection and each resurrection a greater resolve to overcome your foes.",88,8.3																		
Animal Crossing: New Leaf, 3DS,"June 9, 2013","There are no points or levels, just a myriad of sights and sounds, places and activities...all ready to explore. Spend your time passing new ordinances—or going fishing. Hang out at a coffee shop or visit a tropical island. It's up to you. Your game is what you make of it—and personalizing your world is part of the fun. Create cool patterns for clothing or furniture, build new structures in your town, design gardens and museum displays, and so much more. Time passes in the world of Animal Crossing just as it does in real life. Celebrate holidays and see the seasons change. Meet new visitors or get gifts from your neighbors.",88,8.7																		
Diablo II, PC,"June 28, 2000","In Diablo II, return to a world of dark fantasy. As one of five distinct character types, explore the world of Diablo II -- journey across distant lands, fight new villains, discover new treasures, and uncover ancient mysteries, all in the quest to stop the Lord Of Terror, once and for all. [Blizzard Entertainment]",88,8.8																		
The Nioh Collection, PlayStation 5,"February 5, 2021","Celebrate the franchise's 4-year anniversary with remastered editions of both games featuring 4K and up to 120FPS support. For everyone that recently purchased the PlayStation 5 console, you will be able to experience the complete Nioh 2 adventure in Nioh 2 Remastered The Complete Edition, along with a remastered version of the first entry in the series: Nioh Remastered The Complete Edition. If you would like all of this content in one convenient place, we have the perfect title for all of your Nioh needs. Get ready to relive the entire series with all DLC included for both titles in The Nioh Collection for PlayStation 5. All of the titles available on PlayStation 5 will support 4K resolution for crystal clear visuals, up to 120 FPS gameplay for silky smooth combat, ultra-fast load times and the ability to transfer your data from the PS4 versions to pick up your journey right where you left off.",88,7.6																		
Mortal Kombat 11 Ultimate, PlayStation 5,"November 17, 2020","Experience 2 robust and critically acclaimed story campaigns from Mk11 & Mk11: aftermath. Play as the complete 37-character roster including newly added fighters mileena, RaiN & rambo. Thousands of Skins & weapons & Gear for an unprecedented level of Fighter customization. Includes all previous guest fighters such as Terminator Joker spawn & robocop. Every mode included.",88,7.3																		
Kentucky Route Zero: TV Edition, PlayStation 4,"January 28, 2020","KENTUCKY ROUTE ZERO is a magical realist adventure game about a secret highway running through the caves beneath Kentucky, and the mysterious folks who travel it. At twilight in Kentucky, as bird songs give way to the choir of frogs and insects, familiar roads become strange, and it's easy to get lost. Those who are already lost may find their way to a secret highway winding through underground caves. The people who live and work along this highway are themselves a little strange at first, but soon seem familiar: the aging driver making the last delivery for a doomed antique shop	 the young woman who fixes obsolete TVs surrounded by ghosts	 the child and his giant eagle companion	 the robot musicians	 the invisible power company lurking everywhere, and the threadbare communities who struggle against its grip.",88,6.1														
Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice, Xbox One,"April 11, 2018","An independent game from Ninja Theory - makers of Heavenly Sword, Enslaved: Odyssey to the West & DmC: Devil May Cry. Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice takes you on a journey into savage viking heartland with Senua, a Celtic warrior struggling with trauma & psychosis.",88,7.9																		
name,platform,release_date,summary,meta_score,user_review																		
The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time, Nintendo 64,"November 23, 1998","As a young boy, Link is tricked by Ganondorf, the King of the Gerudo Thieves. The evil human uses Link to gain access to the Sacred Realm, where he places his tainted hands on Triforce and transforms the beautiful Hyrulean landscape into a barren wasteland. Link is determined to fix the problems he helped to create, so with the help of Rauru he travels through time gathering the powers of the Seven Sages.",99,9.2																		
Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 2, PlayStation,"September 20, 2000","As most major publishers' development efforts shift to any number of next-generation platforms, Tony Hawk 2 will likely stand as one of the last truly fantastic games to be released on the PlayStation.",98,7.5																		
Grand Theft Auto IV, PlayStation 3,"April 29, 2008","[Metacritic's 2008 PS3 Game of the Year	 Also known as ""GTA IV""] What does the American Dream mean today? For Niko Belic, fresh off the boat from Europe. It's the hope he can escape his past. For his cousin, Roman, it is the vision that together they can find fortune in Liberty City, gateway to the land of opportunity. As they slip into debt and are dragged into a criminal underworld by a series of shysters, thieves and sociopaths, they discover that the reality is very different from the dream in a city that worships money and status, and is heaven for those who have them an a living nightmare for those who don't. [Rockstar Games]",98,7.11																	
SoulCalibur, Dreamcast,"September 8, 1999","This is a tale of souls and swords, transcending the world and all its history, told for all eternity... The greatest weapons-based fighter returns, this time on Sega Dreamcast. Soul Calibur unleashes incredible graphics, fantastic fighters, and combos so amazing they'll make your head spin!",98,8.5																		
Grand Theft Auto IV, Xbox 360,"April 29, 2008","[Metacritic's 2008 Xbox 360 Game of the Year	 Also known as ""GTA IV""] What does the American Dream mean today? For Niko Belic, fresh off the boat from Europe. It's the hope he can escape his past. For his cousin, Roman, it is the vision that together they can find fortune in Liberty City, gateway to the land of opportunity. As they slip into debt and are dragged into a criminal underworld by a series of shysters, thieves and sociopaths, they discover that the reality is very different from the dream in a city that worships money and status, and is heaven for those who have them an a living nightmare for those who don't. [Rockstar Games]",98,7.13																	
Super Mario Galaxy, Wii,"November 12, 2007","[Metacritic's 2007 Wii Game of the Year] The ultimate Nintendo hero is taking the ultimate step ... out into space. Join Mario as he ushers in a new era of video games, defying gravity across all the planets in the galaxy. When some creature escapes into space with Princess Peach, Mario gives chase, exploring bizarre planets all across the galaxy. Mario, Peach and enemies new and old are here. Players run, jump and battle enemies as they explore all the planets in the galaxy. Since this game makes full use of all the features of the Wii Remote, players have to do all kinds of things to succeed: pressing buttons, swinging the Wii Remote and the Nunchuk, and even pointing at and dragging things with the pointer. Since he's in space, Mario can perform mind-bending jumps unlike anything he's done before. He'll also have a wealth of new moves that are all based around tilting, pointing and shaking the Wii Remote. Shake, tilt and point! Mario takes advantage of all the unique aspects of the Wii Remote and Nunchuk controller, unleashing new moves as players shake the controller and even point at and drag items with the pointer. [Nintendo]",97,9.2																		
Super Mario Galaxy 2, Wii,"May 23, 2010","Super Mario Galaxy 2, the sequel to the galaxy-hopping original game, includes the gravity-defying, physics-based exploration from the first game, but is loaded with entirely new galaxies and features to challenge players. On some stages, Mario can pair up with his dinosaur buddy Yoshi and use his tongue to grab items and spit them back at enemies. Players can also have fun with new items such as a drill that lets our hero tunnel through solid rock. [Nintendo]",97,9.2																		
Red Dead Redemption 2, Xbox One,"October 26, 2018","Developed by the creators of Grand Theft Auto V and Red Dead Redemption, Red Dead Redemption 2 is an epic tale of life in America’s unforgiving heartland. The game’s vast and atmospheric world also provides the foundation for a brand new online multiplayer experience. America, 1899. The end of the Wild West era has begun. After a robbery goes badly wrong in the western town of Blackwater, Arthur Morgan and the Van der Linde gang are forced to flee. With federal agents and the best bounty hunters in the nation massing on their heels, the gang has to rob, steal and fight their way across the rugged heartland of America in order to survive. As deepening internal fissures threaten to tear the gang apart, Arthur must make a choice between his own ideals and loyalty to the gang that raised him. [Rockstar]",97,8.1																		
Grand Theft Auto V, Xbox One,"November 18, 2014","Grand Theft Auto 5 melds storytelling and gameplay in unique ways as players repeatedly jump in and out of the lives of the game's three protagonists, playing all sides of the game's interwoven story.",97,7.10																		
Grand Theft Auto V, PlayStation 3,"September 17, 2013","Los Santos is a vast, sun-soaked metropolis full of self-help gurus, starlets and once-important, formerly-known-as celebrities. The city was once the envy of the Western world, but is now struggling to stay afloat in an era of economic uncertainty and reality TV. Amidst the chaos, three unique criminals plot their own chances of survival and success: Franklin, a former street gangster in search of real opportunities and serious cheddar	 Michael, a professional ex-con whose retirement is a lot less rosy than he hoped it would be	 and Trevor, a violent maniac driven by the chance of a cheap high and the next big score. Quickly running out of options, the crew risks it all in a sequence of daring and dangerous heists that could set them up for life.",97,8.4																
Disco Elysium: The Final Cut, PC,"March 30, 2021","Disco Elysium - The Final Cut is the definitive edition of the smash-hit RPG. Pursue your political dreams in new quests, meet and question more of the city's locals, and explore a whole extra area. Full voice-acting, controller support, and expanded language options also included. Get even more out of this award-winning open world. You're a detective with a unique skill system at your disposal and a whole city block to carve your path across. Interrogate unforgettable characters, crack murders, or take bribes. Become a hero or an absolute disaster of a human being.",97,8.4																		
Grand Theft Auto V, Xbox 360,"September 17, 2013","Los Santos is a sprawling sun-soaked metropolis full of self-help gurus, starlets and once-important stars. The city was once the envy of the Western world, but is now struggling to stay relevant in an era of economic uncertainty and reality TV. Amidst the chaos, three very different criminals chart their own chances of survival and success: Franklin, a former street gangster, now looking for real opportunities and fat stacks of cash	 Michael, a professional ex-con whose retirement is significantly less rosy than he hoped it would be	 and Trevor, a violent maniac driven by the chance of a cheap high and the next big score. Rapidly running out of options, the crew risks everything in a series of bolt and dangerous heists that could set them up for the long haul.",97,8.4																
Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 2, Dreamcast,"November 6, 2000","Hawk's back - with new technology, new pros and new tricks! THPS2, the legend rides on! Skate as legendary Tony Hawk or any one of 12 other pro skaters. Create your own custom skaters. Multiple play modes including 1-Player, Career and Free Skate modes, as well as 2-player modes such as Trick Attack, Graffiti Tag and Horse. Build your own custom skate parks with the real-time 3D park editor.",97,6.3																		
The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild, Switch,"March 3, 2017","Forget everything you know about The Legend of Zelda games. Step into a world of discovery, exploration and adventure in The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild, a boundary-breaking new game in the acclaimed series. Travel across fields, through forests and to mountain peaks as you discover what has become of the ruined kingdom of Hyrule in this open-air adventure. Explore the wilds of Hyrule any way you like - Climb up towers and mountain peaks in search of new destinations, then set your own path to get there and plunge into the wilderness. Along the way, you'll battle towering enemies, hunt wild beasts and gather ingredients for the food and elixirs you'll need to sustain you on your journey. More than 100 Shrines of Trials to discover and explore - Shrines dot the landscape, waiting to be discovered in any order you want. Search for them in various ways, and solve a variety of puzzles inside. Work your way through the traps and devices inside to earn special items and other rewards that will help you on your adventure. * Be prepared and properly equipped - With an entire world waiting to be explored, you'll need a variety of outfits and gear to reach every corner. You may need to bundle up with warmer clothes or change into something better suited to the desert heat. Some clothing even has special effects that, for example, can make you faster and stealthier. * Battling enemies requires strategy - The world is inhabited with enemies of all shapes and sizes. Each one has its own attack method and weaponry, so you must think quickly and develop the right strategies to defeat them. * amiibo compatibility - Tap the Wolf Link amiibo (sold separately) to make Wolf Link appear in game. Wolf Link will attack enemies on his own and help you find items you're searching for.",97,8.8																		
Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3, PlayStation 2,"October 28, 2001",Challenge up to four friends in online competitions over a LAN or the Internet. Take them on in both Trick Attack and Graffiti modes. [Activision],97,7.6																		
Perfect Dark, Nintendo 64,"May 22, 2000","Step into the Dark... As Carrington Institute's most promising new Agent, Joanna Dark must uncover the truth behind the dataDyne Corporation's recent technological breakthroughs - breakthroughs which could have serious consequences for mankind.",97,8.9																		
Red Dead Redemption 2, PlayStation 4,"October 26, 2018","Developed by the creators of Grand Theft Auto V and Red Dead Redemption, Red Dead Redemption 2 is an epic tale of life in America’s unforgiving heartland. The game’s vast and atmospheric world also provides the foundation for a brand new online multiplayer experience. America, 1899. The end of the Wild West era has begun. After a robbery goes badly wrong in the western town of Blackwater, Arthur Morgan and the Van der Linde gang are forced to flee. With federal agents and the best bounty hunters in the nation massing on their heels, the gang has to rob, steal and fight their way across the rugged heartland of America in order to survive. As deepening internal fissures threaten to tear the gang apart, Arthur must make a choice between his own ideals and loyalty to the gang that raised him. [Rockstar]",97,8.6																		
Grand Theft Auto V, PlayStation 4,"November 18, 2014","The sprawling sun-soaked metropolis of Los Santos is chock full of self-help coaches, starlets and C-List celebrities, once on top of the media world, now struggling to stay relevant in time of economic malaise and lowest-common-denominator reality TV. Amidst this madness, three unique criminals plan their own chances of survival and success: Franklin, a street-level hustler in search of opportunities for serious money	 Michael, an ex-con whose ""retirement"" is a less rosy than he hoped it would be	 and Trevor, a violent dude driven by the chance for a quick high and the next big score. Nearly out of options, the crew risks it all in a series of daring and dangerous heists that could set them up for life - one way or the other.",97,8.5																
Metroid Prime, GameCube,"November 17, 2002","Samus returns in a new mission to unravel the mystery behind the ruined walls scattered across Tallon IV. In Metroid Prime, you'll play the role of this bounty hunter and view the world through her visor, which displays information ranging from current energy levels to ammunition. Equipped with a Power Beam and Gravity Suit, you must shoot locked switches, solve puzzles, and eliminate enemies. It's up to you to explore the world and recover more power-ups and weapons, which gradually open more gameplay areas.",97,8.7																		
Grand Theft Auto III, PlayStation 2,"October 22, 2001","Players are put at the heart of their very own gangster movie, and let loose in a fully-realised 3 dimensional city with a cast of hundreds, 50 plus vehicles, ranging from sports cars to ice cream trucks and from boats to buses, 3 hours of music, including opera, reggae, house, drum and bass, pop and disco, and a huge array of street ready weapons. [Rockstar Games]",97,8.5																		
Super Mario Odyssey, Switch,"October 27, 2017","New Evolution of Mario Sandbox-Style Gameplay. Mario embarks on a new journey through unknown worlds, running and jumping through huge 3D worlds in the first sandbox-style Mario game since Super Mario 64 and Super Mario Sunshine. Set sail between expansive worlds aboard an airship, and perform all-new actions, such as throwing Mario's cap.",97,8.10																		
Halo: Combat Evolved, Xbox,"November 14, 2001","Enter the mysterious world of Halo, an alien planet shaped like a ring. As mankind's super soldier Master Chief, you must uncover the secrets of Halo and fend off the attacking Covenant. During your missions, you'll battle on foot, in vehicles, inside, and outside with alien and human weaponry. Your objectives include attacking enemy outposts, raiding underground labs for advanced technology, rescuing fallen comrades, and sniping enemy forces. Halo also lets you battle three other players via intense split screen combat or fight cooperatively with a friend through the single-player missions.",97,8.8																		
The House in Fata Morgana - Dreams of the Revenants Edition -, Switch,"April 9, 2021","A gothic suspense tale set in a cursed mansion. ‘The House in Fata Morgana’ is a full-length visual novel spanning nearly a millennium that deals in tragedy, human nature, and insanity. This version includes three games and more: 1: The House in Fata Morgana: the main storyline. 2: A Requiem for Innocence: a prequel shedding light on the origins of Fata Morgana’s terrible curse. 3: Reincarnation: a sequel featuring the central cast members reincarnated in the present day. *The part including voices 4: Other additional short stories.",97,8.3																		
NFL 2K1, Dreamcast,"September 7, 2000","In the end, NFL 2K1 is a deeper, more refined version of the original game.",97,6.3																		
Half-Life 2, PC,"November 16, 2004","[Metacritic's 2004 PC Game of the Year] By taking the suspense, challenge and visceral charge of the original, and adding startling new realism and responsiveness, Half-Life 2 opens the door to a world where the player's presence affects everything around him, from the physical environment to the behaviors -- even the emotions -- of both friends and enemies. The player again picks up the crowbar of research scientist Gordon Freeman, who finds himself on an alien-infested Earth being picked to the bone, its resources depleted, its populace dwindling. Freeman is thrust into the unenviable role of rescuing the world from the wrong he unleashed back at Black Mesa. And a lot of people -- people he cares about -- are counting on him. [Vivendi Universal]",96,9.3																		
Grand Theft Auto V, PC,"April 13, 2015","Los Santos: a sprawling sun-soaked metropolis full of self-help gurus, starlets and fading celebrities, once the envy of the Western world, now struggling to stay alive in a time of economic uncertainty and cheap reality TV. Amidst the turmoil, three very unique criminals plot their own chances of survival and success: Franklin, a street hustler looking for tangible opportunities and serious money	 Michael, a professional ex-con whose retirement is less rosy than he figured it would be	 and Trevor, a violent dude driven by the opportunity for a cheap high and his next big score. With options at a premium, the crew risks it all in a myriad of daring and dangerous heists that could set them up for life.",96,7.9																
The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild, Wii U,"March 3, 2017","Ignore everything you know about The Legend of Zelda games. Step into a world of discovery, exploration and adventure in The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild. Travel across fields, through forests and to mountain peaks as you discover what has become of the ruined kingdom of Hyrule in this stunning open-air adventure. Explore the wilds of Hyrule any way you like - Climb up towers and mountain peaks in search of new destinations, then set your own path to get there and plunge into the wilderness. Along the way, you'll battle towering enemies, hunt wild beasts and gather ingredients for the food and elixirs you'll need to sustain you on your journey. More than 100 Shrines of Trials to discover and explore - Shrines dot the landscape, waiting to be discovered in any order you want. Search for them in various ways, and solve a variety of puzzles inside. Work your way through the traps and devices inside to earn special items and other rewards that will help you on your adventure. Be prepared and properly equipped - With an entire world waiting to be explored, you'll need a variety of outfits and gear to reach every corner. You may need to bundle up with warmer clothes or change into something better suited to the desert heat. Some clothing even has special effects that, for example, can make you faster and stealthier. [Nintendo]",96,8.4																		
BioShock, Xbox 360,"August 21, 2007","[Metacritic's 2007 Xbox 360 Game of the Year] Going beyond ""run and gun corridors,"" ""monster-closet AIs"" and static worlds, BioShock creates a living, unique and unpredictable FPS experience. After your plane crashes into icy uncharted waters, you discover a rusted bathysphere and descend into Rapture, a city hidden beneath the sea. Constructed as an idealistic society for a hand picked group of scientists, artists and industrialists, the idealism is no more. Now the city is littered with corpses, wildly powerful guardians roam the corridors as little girls loot the dead, and genetically mutated citizens ambush you at every turn. Take control of your world by hacking mechanical devices, commandeering security turrets and crafting unique items critical to your very survival. Upgrade your weapons with ionic gels, explosives and toxins to customize them to the enemy and environment. Genetically modify your body through dozens of Plasmid Stations scattered throughout the city, empowering you with fantastic and often grotesque abilities. Explore a living world powered by Ecological A.I., where the inhabitants have interesting and consequential relationships with one another that impact your gameplay experience. Experience truly next generation graphics that vividly illustrate the forlorn art deco city, highlighted by the most detailed and realistic water effects ever developed in a video game. Make meaningful choices and mature decisions, ultimately culminating in the grand question: do you exploit the innocent survivors of Rapture...or save them? [2K Games]",96,9.1																		
GoldenEye 007, Nintendo 64,"August 25, 1997",You are Bond. James Bond. You are assigned covert operations connected with the GoldenEye weapons satellite. M will brief you on your mission and objectives from London. Q Branch will support your efforts with a plentiful supply of weapons and gadgets. Moneypenny offers you light-hearted best wishes and you're off! Your mission begins in the heavily guarded chemical warfare facility at the Byelomorye Dam in the USSR. Look and shoot in any direction as you navigate 12 interactive 3-D environments. Use stealth and force as you see fit in matters of international security. Consider the military personnel expendable. You are licensed to kill!,96,9.1																		
Uncharted 2: Among Thieves, PlayStation 3,"October 13, 2009","Fortune hunter Nathan Drake returns in Uncharted 2: Among Thieves, a third-person action-adventure/shooter created by award-winning developer Naughty Dog. Down on his luck, Drake is lured back into the treacherous world of thieves and mercenary treasure-seekers he had sought to leave behind. When a mysterious artifact propels Drake on an expedition to find the legendary Himalayan valley of Shambhala, he finds himself embroiled in a dangerous game of cat-and-mouse against a fugitive war criminal who’s after more than just the fabled riches of the lost city. Caught in a web of deception and plunged into an increasingly deadly pursuit that tests the limits of his endurance, Drake will be forced to risk everything - but has his luck finally run out? [SCEA]",96,8.9																		
Resident Evil 4, GameCube,"January 11, 2005","Resident Evil 4 marks a new chapter in the Resident Evil series. You'll rejoin Leon S. Kennedy six years after his first mission as a rookie cop from Resident Evil 2. Now a US agent, Leon is on a top secret mission to investigate the disappearance of the president's daughter. As Leon, you must make your way to a mysterious location in Europe, where new enemies await. Take them down by using enhanced aim-and-shoot features and a new action button.",96,9.3																		
The Orange Box, Xbox 360,"October 10, 2007","Games included in The Orange Box compilation: The original Half-Life 2 - The player again picks up the crowbar of research scientist Gordon Freeman, who finds himself on an alien-infested Earth being picked to the bone, its resources depleted, its populace dwindling. Freeman is thrust into the unenviable role of rescuing the world from the wrong he unleashed back at Black Mesa. And a lot of people - people he cares about - are counting on him. Half-Life 2: Episode One - The player reprises his role of Dr. Freeman, who must immediately face the repercussions of his actions in City 17 and the Citadel. Freeman reconnects with Alyx Vance and her robot, Dog, as they continue their support of the resistance's battle against the Combine forces. Half-Life 2: Episode Two -- the second installment in Valve's episodic trilogy advances the award-winning story, leading the player to new locations outside of City 17. Portal - a pioneering type of single player action game that rewrites the rules for how players approach and manipulate their environment – much like how Half-Life 2's Gravity Gun reinvented the way gamers interact with objects in the game. Team Fortress 2 - an all-new version of the legendary title that spawned team based multiplayer action games. The game's daring new art style features the most advanced graphics of any Source-based game released to date. [Valve Software]",96,9.1																		
The Orange Box, PC,"October 10, 2007","Games included in The Orange Box compilation: The original Half-Life 2 - The player again picks up the crowbar of research scientist Gordon Freeman, who finds himself on an alien-infested Earth being picked to the bone, its resources depleted, its populace dwindling. Freeman is thrust into the unenviable role of rescuing the world from the wrong he unleashed back at Black Mesa. And a lot of people - people he cares about - are counting on him. Half-Life 2: Episode One - The player reprises his role of Dr. Freeman, who must immediately face the repercussions of his actions in City 17 and the Citadel. Freeman reconnects with Alyx Vance and her robot, Dog, as they continue their support of the resistance's battle against the Combine forces. Half-Life 2: Episode Two -- the second installment in Valve's episodic trilogy advances the award-winning story, leading the player to new locations outside of City 17. Portal - a pioneering type of single player action game that rewrites the rules for how players approach and manipulate their environment – much like how Half-Life 2's Gravity Gun reinvented the way gamers interact with objects in the game. Team Fortress 2 - an all-new version of the legendary title that spawned team based multiplayer action games. The game's daring new art style features the most advanced graphics of any Source-based game released to date. [Valve Software]",96,9.4																		
Batman: Arkham City, PlayStation 3,"October 18, 2011","Developed by Rocksteady Studios, Batman: Arkham City builds upon the intense, atmospheric foundation of Batman: Arkham Asylum, sending players soaring into Arkham City, the new maximum security ""home"" for all of Gotham City's thugs, gangsters and insane criminal masterminds. Set inside the heavily fortified walls of a sprawling district in the heart of Gotham City, this highly anticipated sequel introduces a brand-new story that draws together a new all-star cast of classic characters and murderous villains from the Batman universe, as well as a vast range of new and enhanced gameplay features to deliver the ultimate experience as the Dark Knight.",96,8.9																		
Tekken 3, PlayStation,"April 29, 1998","An ancient evil force has reawakened, attacking in secret and feeding on the souls of mighty warriors. To lure it out of hiding will take the greatest fighting contest the world has ever seen...Tekken 3. Some are fighting for revenge, some for honor, Ultimately, all are fighting for their lives and the fate of all mankind.",96,9.2																		
Mass Effect 2, Xbox 360,"January 26, 2010","The Mass Effect trilogy is a science fiction adventure set in a vast universe filled with dangerous alien life forms and mysterious uncharted planets. In this dark second chapter, Saren’s evil army of Geth soldiers has just been defeated, and humans, who are still struggling to make their mark on the galactic stage, are now faced with an even greater peril. [BioWare]",96,8.10																		
The Legend of Zelda: Twilight Princess, GameCube,"December 11, 2006","In the next chapter in the Legend of Zelda series, Link can transform into a wolf to scour the darkened land of Hyrule. With the help of Midna, a mysterious being, you must guide Link through hordes of foul creatures and challenging bosses using new moves and a new horseback combat system. Many puzzles stand between Link and the fulfillment of his quest, so you must sharpen your wits as you hunt for weapons and items.",96,8.10																		
The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim, Xbox 360,"November 11, 2011","The next chapter in the Elder Scrolls saga arrives from the Bethesda Game Studios. Skyrim reimagines the open-world fantasy epic, bringing to life a complete virtual world open for you to explore any way you choose. Play any type of character you can imagine, and do whatever you want	 the legendary freedom of choice, storytelling, and adventure of The Elder Scrolls is realized like never before. Skyrim's new game engine brings to life a complete virtual world with rolling clouds, rugged mountains, bustling cities, lush fields, and ancient dungeons. Choose from hundreds of weapons, spells, and abilities. The new character system allows you to play any way you want and define yourself through your actions. Battle ancient dragons like you've never seen. As Dragonborn, learn their secrets and harness their power for yourself.",96,8.7																	
